Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Action Games > Spark the Electric Jester Community Hub Spark the Electric Jester Spark the electric jester is an action/platformer video game heavily based on best classics from the 16-bit era from both sides of the isle. User reviews: Overall: Very Positive (82 reviews) - 92% of the 82 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 10 Apr, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Action Platformer 2D Great Soundtrack Singleplayer Pixel Graphics Indie Fast-Paced Retro + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Steam Achievements Full controller support Steam Trading Cards Steam Cloud Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English Includes 4 Steam Achievements Title: Spark the Electric Jester Genre: Action Developer: Feperd Games Publisher: Feperd Games Release Date: 10 Apr, 2017 Visit the website View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Buy Spark the Electric Jester R$ 14,99 Add to Cart   Recent updates View all (1) 25 April Sountrack is out! https://materiacollective.bandcamp.com/album/spark-the-electric-jester-original-game-soundtrack Enjoy! Just remember all the sales from the soundtrack go to our great composers. 1 comments Read more About This Game Spark the electric jester is an action/platformer video game heavily based on best classics from the 16-bit era from both sides of the aisle. You play as Spark, an electric jester frustrated by the loss of his job! On one beautiful day, robots decided to take over the world. Seeing as Spark’s job was taken by a robot, he decided this was the perfect opportunity for his revenge! Spark will have to travel through the world and be engulfed in high-speed thrills and tons of action against the robots and the one who has taken his job. System Requirements Minimum: OS: Windows XP/Windows Vista/Windows 7/Windows 8/Windows 10 Processor: Dual-Core 2.0 GHz or better Memory: 2 GB RAM DirectX: Version 9.0c Storage: 400 MB available space Recommended: Storage: 1 GB available space View all What Curators Say 4 Curators have reviewed this product. Click here to see them. Customer reviews Learn More Overall: Very Positive (82 reviews) Review Type All (101) Positive (93) Negative (8) Purchase Type All (101) Steam Purchasers (82) Other (19) Language All Languages (101) Your Languages (89) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 72 reviews match the filters above ( Very Positive) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
