Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Action Games > Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment Community Hub Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment Take control of Specter Knight, servant to the Enchantress, in a quest to recruit a cadre of knights and create the Order of No Quarter. Experience perfect platforming, world-class visuals, impeccable stage design, incredible music, and even meet a friend or two in Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment! User reviews: Overall: Positive (32 reviews) - 93% of the 32 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 5 Apr, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Action Indie Adventure Platformer Pixel Graphics + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Steam Achievements Full controller support Steam Trading Cards Steam Cloud Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English Italian German Spanish Portuguese-Brazil Russian French See all 7 supported languages Includes 20 Steam Achievements View all 20 Title: Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment Genre: Action, Adventure, Indie Developer: Yacht Club Games Publisher: Yacht Club Games Release Date: 5 Apr, 2017 Visit the website View the manual View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Buy Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment R$ 19,99 Add to Cart   About This Game Disclaimer: If you own Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove, you will NOT need to purchase Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment separately. This title is included with all versions of Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove. Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment is the action-packed prequel to Shovel Knight! Take control of Specter Knight, servant to the Enchantress, in a quest to recruit a cadre of knights and create the Order of No Quarter. With his scythe and preternatural agility at the ready, he can glide across the ground, clamber up walls, and command an arsenal of curious weapons. If he carries out his duties, Specter Knight may have a chance at regaining his lost humanity and breaking his chains of servitude. But what cruel tricks might the Enchantress have up her sleeve? Features: Climb walls, leap over gaps, and dispatch enemies with the Dash Slash. Specter Knight’s playstyle brings motion and action to the forefront! Collect and upgrade curios to unleash all new special attacks. Test your scythe skills with Feats and Challenge Stages featuring boss rematches, platforming challenges, and more! Yacht Club Games' beautifully authentic style bridges the gap between yesterday and today. Design, art, and audio hearken back to the days of 8-bit. A somber tale told with a light touch to narrative with humor, levity, and heart. Awesome soundtrack by Jake "Virt" Kaufman! Balanced gameplay is a warm welcome to newcomers, and an old embrace for experts. Lovable characters and bosses! Take on a new challenge and uncover all of the world's secrets with New Game+! System Requirements Windows Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Minimum: OS: Windows XP SP2 Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.1 ghz or equivalent Memory: 2 GB RAM Graphics: 2nd Generation Intel Core HD Graphics (2000/3000), 512MB DirectX: Version 9.0 Storage: 250 MB available space Minimum: OS: OS X 10.7.5 or later Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.0 ghz or equivalent Memory: 2 GB RAM Graphics: 2nd Generation Intel Core HD Graphics (2000/3000), 512MB Storage: 250 MB available space Minimum: OS: Ubuntu 12.04 or newer Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.1 ghz or equivalent Memory: 2 GB RAM Graphics: 2nd Generation Intel Core HD Graphics (2000/3000), 512MB Storage: 250 MB available space Shovel Knight is a trademark of Yacht Club Games. ©2017 Yacht Club Games L.L.C. All rights reserved. Customer reviews Learn More Overall: Positive (32 reviews) Review Type All (34) Positive (31) Negative (3) Purchase Type All (34) Steam Purchasers (32) Other (2) Language All Languages (34) Your Languages (22) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 21 reviews match the filters above ( Positive) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
