Top Questions Where's my order? What is your return policy? How do I check my gift card balance? Don't see your question? Visit our help section. See all best sellers Coming Soon Consoles Wii Nintendo DS GameCube PS Vita Steam Machine Retro Classics Genre Anime and Manga DC Five Nights at Freddy's Legend of Zelda Marvel Pokemon Star Wars Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Other Accessories Apparel Downloadable Content Drones & High-Tech Gadgets Free to Play See all best sellers Coming Soon Video Game Stuff Assassin's Creed Call of Duty Fallout Five Nights at Freddy's Halo Mario and Friends Mass Effect Mega Man Minecraft Pokemon The Legend of Zelda Collectible Stuff All Collectibles Busts & Statues Canvas Art Diamond Collectibles Figures Funko NECA Plush Replicas Movie & TV Stuff Adventure Time Avengers DC Comics Dr. Who Firefly Game of Thrones Guardians of the Galaxy Harry Potter Lord of the Rings Marvel Sailor Moon Star Trek Star Wars The Walking Dead WWE Yo-Kai Watch Apparel Stuff All Apparel Accessories Bags Costumes Hats Jackets Pants Socks T-Shirts Underwear See All Cool Stuff See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX One Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX One Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX One Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX One Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX One Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX One Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX One by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX One See all best sellers Coming Soon PS4 Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS4 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS4 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS4 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS4 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS4 Hardware Game Systems Playstation Camera Playstation VR Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS4 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS4 See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX 360 Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX 360 Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX 360 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX 360 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX 360 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX 360 Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX 360 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX 360 See all best sellers Coming Soon PS3 Games All Games Action Fighting Move Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS3 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS3 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS3 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS3 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS3 Hardware Game Systems PS3 Move Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS3 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS3 See all best sellers Coming Soon PC Games All Games Action Fighting Free To Play Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy PC Digital Content Steam Wallet Cards Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons PC Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PC Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Keyboards & Mice Memory Networking Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PC Hardware Game Systems Steam Machine Virtual Reality Shop PC by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PC See all best sellers Coming Soon Wii U Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy Wii U Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons Wii U Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 Wii U Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Stategy Guides Storage & Cases Wii U Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Acessories Pre-Owned Bundles Wii U Hardware Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop Wii U by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All Wii U See all best sellers Coming Soon 3DS Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy 3DS Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons 3DS Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 3DS Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases 3DS Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles 3DS Hardware 3DS XL Game Systems 3DS Game Systems 2DS Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders Shop 3DS by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All 3DS See all best sellers XBOX One XBOX One Games XBOX One Hardware XBOX One Accessories XBOX One Bundles PS4 PS4 Games PS4 Hardware PS4 Accessories PS4 Bundles Wii U Wii U Games Wii U Hardware Wii U Accessories Wii U Bundles 3DS 3DS Games 3DS Hardware 3DS Accessories 3DS Bundles XBOX 360 XBOX 360 Games XBOX 360 Hardware XBOX 360 Accessories XBOX 360 Bundles PS3 PS3 Games PS3 Hardware PS3 Accessories PS3 Bundles Wii Wii Games Wii Hardware Wii Accessories Wii Bundles PS Vita PS Vita Games PS Vita Hardware PS Vita Accessories PS Vita Bundles Retro Software Hardware Accessories Electronics Phones Wearables Tablets Media Players Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders See All Pre-Owned See all best sellers PS Vita Games All Action Casual DLC Fighting Music & Party Puzzle & Cards Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy PS Vita Deals Price Drop Under $20 PS Vita Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Faceplates & Skins Game Systems Headsets & Mics Memory Repair & Cleaning Storage & Cases PS Vita Hardware Game Systems Shop PS Vita by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS Vita Need Help? PowerUp Rewards Find a Store Gift Cards Weekly Ad Deals Your Cart Xbox One PS4 Switch Xbox 360 PS3 PC Wii U 3DS VR Cool Stuff Digital Electronics More Pre-Owned Trade Values Pick My Home Store Get access to great in-store deals and local pick-up Exclusive Deals Sign up for our email deals newsletter! Xbox One ActionCasualDLCFightingKinectMonitorMusic & PartyPuzzle & CardsRole-PlayingShooterSimulationSportsStrategyStrategy Guides Xbox One Accessories Audio & VisualBatteries & ChargersCables & AdaptorsCameras & WebcamsControllersCooling SystemsFaceplates & SkinsGame SystemsGaming FurnitureGear & ApparelHeadsets & MicsInteractive Gaming FiguresKeyboards & MiceMemoryMounts & BracketsStorage & CasesVideo & Sound Cards Call of Duty: Ghosts by Activision Tweet Jump to: Product Details Videos & Screenshots Specials BUY NEW $15.97 Not Available Currently unavailable online Ships to U.S. addresses only Pick Up At Store Check Availability BUY PRE-OWNED $17.99 $16.19 PowerUp Rewards Pro Price Learn More Add to Cart Usually ships in 24 hrs Pre-owned Guarantee Pick Up At Store Check Availability Add to Wish List NEW! DIGITAL ADD-ONS Expand your game. Extend your play. View Now + Downloadable Content Call of Duty: Ghosts Call of Duty: Ghosts Season Pass $50.00 Add to Cart The Call of Duty®: Ghosts Season Pass is your access to four epic DLC Map Packs,* at $10 off.** Plus, when you purchase the Season Pass, receive the bonus Team Leader Digital Pack containing a unique MP character head, weapon camo, reticle, player patch, player card and player background, all playable in-game upon purchase. 4.0 11/7/2013 Finished Adding Blood Drug Reference Intense Violence Strong Language Call of Duty: Ghosts is rated 3.0 out of 5 by 175. y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_14 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_175 loc_en_US, sid_109967, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getAggregateRating, 10ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT Platform: Xbox One Publisher: Activision Developer: Infinity Ward Category: Shooter Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought Product Details: Outnumbered and outgunned, but not outmatched. Call of Duty®: Ghosts is an extraordinary step forward for one of the largest entertainment franchises of all-time. This new chapter in the Call of Duty® franchise features a new dynamic where players are on the side of a crippled nation fighting not for freedom, or liberty, but simply to survive. Fueling this all new Call of Duty experience, the franchise's new next-gen engine delivers stunning levels of immersion and performance, all while maintaining the speed and fluidity of 60 frames-per-second across all platforms. Single Player Campaign Ten years after a devastating mass event, America's borders and the balance of global power have changed forever. As what's left of the nation's Special Operations forces, a mysterious group known only as "Ghosts" leads the fight back against a newly emerged, technologically-superior global power. A New Call of Duty Universe: For the first time in franchise history, players will take on the underdog role with Call of Duty: Ghosts; outnumbered and outgunned, players must fight to reclaim a fallen nation in an intensely personal narrative. Gamers will get to know an entirely new cast of characters and visit locales in a changed world unlike anything seen in Call of Duty® before. Multiplayer Create-a-Soldier In Call of Duty: Ghosts you don't just create a class, you create a soldier, a first for the franchise. In the new Create-A-Soldier system, players can change the physical appearance of their soldier by choosing the head, body type, head-gear and equipment, and for the first time in a Call of Duty® game, the player can also choose their gender. With 20,000 possible combinations, this is the most flexible and comprehensive character customization in Call of Duty history. Dynamic Maps New dynamic maps are the evolution of multiplayer. They include interactive elements and player triggered events that make the environment evolve as each match goes on. The entire landscape can shift and force players to change tactics and strategies. Tactical Movements Call of Duty: Ghosts introduces new tactical player movements. The new contextual lean system now allows players to lean around obstacles without adding button combinations or fully leaving cover. The new mantling system allows fluid movement over objects, while maintaining momentum. The knee slide allows for a natural transition from sprinting crouching to prone. New Kill Streaks and More Call of Duty: Ghosts delivers over 20 NEW Kill Streaks in Call of Duty: Ghosts - such as Juggernaut Maniac, the Helo Scout, the Vulture and the ODIN Strike. Players can even bring in guard dog Riley, from the single-player campaign, to protect and also to attack enemies. There are also over 30 NEW weapons, including an entirely new weapon class: Marksman Rifles. Squads Build Your Team Build your team and take up to 6 of them into battle in the all new Squads mode. This mode takes the best parts of the multiplayer experience and allows you to play either solo or cooperatively with the custom soldiers created and leveled up in multiplayer. AI Behavior The load-out choices you make for your Squad members will directly change the AI behavior of your squad-mates. Give your soldier a sniper rifle and he'll behave like a sniper, and an SMG guy will be more run and gun. Extinction Survive... A completely new 1 to 4 player, co-op game mode featuring a unique blend of fast-paced survival gameplay, base defense, player customization and class leveling. Eliminate the Threat Teamwork and communication are essential when playing Extinction, as your team faces an inhuman menace that has overrun an isolated Colorado town and you must eliminate the threat via any means necessary. Call of Duty®: Ghosts is an extraordinary step forward for one of the largest entertainment franchises of all-time. This new chapter in the Call of Duty® franchise features a new dynamic where players are on the side of a crippled nation fighting not for freedom, or liberty, but simply to survive. Fueling this all new Call of Duty experience, the franchise's new next-gen engine delivers stunning levels of immersion and performance, all while maintaining the speed and fluidity of 60 frames-per-second across all platforms. Single Player Campaign Ten years after a devastating mass event, America's borders and the balance of global power have changed forever. As what's left of the nation's Special Operations forces, a mysterious group known only as "Ghosts" leads the fight back against a newly emerged, technologically-superior global power. A New Call of Duty Universe: For the first time in franchise history, players will take on the underdog role with Call of Duty: Ghosts; outnumbered and outgunned, players must fight to reclaim a fallen nation in an intensely personal narrative. Gamers will get to know an entirely new cast of characters and visit locales in a changed world unlike anything seen in Call of Duty® before. Multiplayer In Call of Duty: Ghosts you don't just create a class, you create a soldier, a first for the franchise. In the new Create-A-Soldier system, players can change the physical appearance of their soldier by choosing the head, body type, head-gear and equipment, and for the first time in a Call of Duty® game, the player can also choose their gender. With 20,000 possible combinations, this is the most flexible and comprehensive character customization in Call of Duty history. New dynamic maps are the evolution of multiplayer. They include interactive elements and player triggered events that make the environment evolve as each match goes on. The entire landscape can shift and force players to change tactics and strategies. Call of Duty: Ghosts introduces new tactical player movements. The new contextual lean system now allows players to lean around obstacles without adding button combinations or fully leaving cover. The new mantling system allows fluid movement over objects, while maintaining momentum. The knee slide allows for a natural transition from sprinting crouching to prone. Call of Duty: Ghosts delivers over 20 NEW Kill Streaks in Call of Duty: Ghosts - such as Juggernaut Maniac, the Helo Scout, the Vulture and the ODIN Strike. Players can even bring in guard dog Riley, from the single-player campaign, to protect and also to attack enemies. There are also over 30 NEW weapons, including an entirely new weapon class: Marksman Rifles. Squads Build your team and take up to 6 of them into battle in the all new Squads mode. This mode takes the best parts of the multiplayer experience and allows you to play either solo or cooperatively with the custom soldiers created and leveled up in multiplayer. The load-out choices you make for your Squad members will directly change the AI behavior of your squad-mates. Give your soldier a sniper rifle and he'll behave like a sniper, and an SMG guy will be more run and gun. Recommended for You Important Information: If you are a fan of the Call of Duty franchise, check out all the latest Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare games and accessories available for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. Game Informer Rating: Rated 8.0 out of 10 by Game Informer. Rated 4 out of 5 by Kevin2017 from Great Story, Good Game Call of Duty Ghosts is probably one of the most polarizing COD games out there. There's people who love it and there's people who despise it. I tend to be somewhere in the middle. The story in Ghosts is GREAT. It's different from your typical COD storyline, focusing on elements of family and revenge that most people can relate to a little. The ending really leaves you hanging, and unfortunately it's not looking like the franchise is going to continue the narrative here anytime soon. The gameplay is your standard COD experience, but also features some new mechanics and settings that had never been present in other games. From taking out enemy soldiers in a spacesuit to taking control of your K9 partner, there is definitely some cool things here. Multiplayer is sub-par if you ask me, and I didn't really play online. Currently, I would be surprised if there's enough people populating the servers to get much online play out of it anyway. There is a multiplayer mode similar to "Zombies" with aliens, but I didn't get much enjoyment out of it. Pick this game up if you like good shooters with engrossing campaigns, but skip this one if you're looking for multiplayer goodness Date published: 2017-05-08 Rated 5 out of 5 by B3ASTknowsB3ST from Good Game In my honest opinion, this was the last good call of duty game before it went downhill. They still keep a modernized shooter. All this thrust jumping and future stuff that's for the kids and don't get me wrong its cool and all but it gets old really fast and thats why so many people were begging to bring back Call of Duty 4, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, and Black Ops 2. So this game is pretty good and you can even customize your own soldier which is pretty cool. Date published: 2017-02-02 Rated 4 out of 5 by DO2L from It is okay Not the best COD game and not the worst COD game either. Well worth the price of a used copy. Graphics and sounds are really good. Date published: 2016-04-28 Rated 1 out of 5 by ChilliCheese23 from This is a terrible game. This game is terrible I wouldn't recommend it to anybody. This is a poor excuse for a Call of Duty. Get it together Infinity Ward! Date published: 2016-03-23 Rated 1 out of 5 by ConcededSpark21 from Do Not Ever Get This Game I really love the call of duty series but this game is the outmost dumbest call of duty game in history of gaming, Date published: 2015-11-12 Rated 3 out of 5 by GameViwer2015 from An Ok Game Cant Wait For Bo3 I hade ghost on the 360 now i upgraded to elite counsol box one so ill buy it and on the 360 if u are not hard core then this is a good casual party game but not hardcore from my point of veiw Date published: 2015-10-23 Rated 5 out of 5 by shotkill from good times i recommend this game because it has the best graphics and is my favorite call of duty to date. I have spent almost 2 weeks of in game time on this game with my friends and we enjoyed every second of it Date published: 2015-06-17 Rated 3 out of 5 by Electroz from Okay If you are a player that goes for long lasting streaks, go for it. If not, I do not recommend this game. At least, in my opinion with the addition of the KEM Strike. Date published: 2015-06-04 Call of Duty: Ghosts Reviews - page 2 y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_14 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_175 loc_en_US, sid_109967, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getReviews, 15ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT FAQ's Items in Cart: Order Sub-total: Continue Shopping Checkout 1 Item Added to Cart   Protect Your Investment Add Plan to Cart We also recommend Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time PowerUp Rewards Pro members get 10% off pre-owned games and accessories. Enter your rewards number in the cart to see discounts. FIND IT Upcoming Video Games PC Downloads Sign Up for Deals RSS Feed Events Sweepstakes Site Map GET HELP Help Center Gift Card Balance Order History Guest/In-store Orders Contact Us Store Feedback Security Update NETWORK PowerUp Rewards PowerUp Rewards Credit Card Game Informer Kongregate GameStop International ESRB Respect the Ratings What is ESRB? CONNECT GET THE APP What's In It?   © 1999-2017 GameStop Mobile Site Affiliates Corporate Careers Privacy Policy Conditions of Use CA Transparency Act Add to Wish List: New - or - Pre-Owned Find nearby: New - or - Pre-Owned What's This?
