Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Casual Games > Big Hit VR Baseball Community Hub Big Hit VR Baseball Do you have what it takes to hit a big league fastball? Step up to the plate! User reviews: Overall: 3 user reviews - Need more user reviews to generate a score Release Date: 2 May, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Indie Casual Simulation Sports + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Steam Achievements Requires agreement to a 3rd-party EULA Big Hit VR Baseball EULA VR Support This VR game requires a play area of at least 2m x 1.5m. Headsets HTC Vive Input Tracked Motion Controllers Play Area Room-Scale Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English Includes 18 Steam Achievements View all 18 Title: Big Hit VR Baseball Genre: Casual, Indie, Simulation, Sports Developer: Big Hit Games Publisher: Big Hit Games Release Date: 2 May, 2017 Visit the website View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Notice: Requires a virtual reality headset. See the VR Support section for more info. Buy Big Hit VR Baseball R$ 45,99 Add to Cart   Recent updates View all (1) 4 May Apology and Updates to Fix Launch Issues Truly sorry about the experience that Big Hit VR Baseball provided at launch. In the rush to implement visual swing feedback before release, the new feature's effect on other systems was overlooked. The decision to try to implement a new feature so close to release was a mistake. It is especially disappointing to let down enthusiastic baseball fans willing to give the game an early chance. Once again, sorry. A lot of hard work has gone into fixing the unacceptable problems in the initial release as soon as possible, and the latest updates have significantly improved the user experience. Home Run Derby mode is now fully functional, and hit detection - while not perfect - is vastly improved. The plan is to continue to make small QOL updates while also working on new features. Your feedback is instrumental to making the best possible baseball game, so thank you to those who voiced concerns. Here is the list of updates: 1.0.4 Fully support Offline Mode 1.0.3 Improve swing path detection and drawing 1.0.2 Greatly improve hit detection accuracy, especially at smaller baseball sizes. Other minor bug fixes 1.0.1 Prevent missed swings from stopping interaction in HR Derby 0 comments Read more About This Game Big Hit VR Baseball is a pick-up-and-play mix of accurate baseball simulation and arcade-y action. Do you have what it takes to hit a big league fastball? Step up to the plate! Key Features Baseballs move using the real physics of baseball, including spin Face off against Fastballs, Sinkers, Curveballs, Changeups, Sliders, and Cutters Hone your swing in Batting Practice or go for the fences in Home Run Contest. More batting challenges coming soon. Fun for any age or ability: Increase the baseball size, slow it down, or juice it to hit massive home runs! System Requirements Minimum: OS: Windows 10 Processor: Intel™ Core™ i5-4590 or AMD FX™ 8350, equivalent or better Memory: 4 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce™ GTX 1060 or AMD Radeon™ RX 480, equivalent or better Storage: 1500 MB available space Recommended: OS: Windows 10 Processor: Intel™ Core™ i5-6500, equivalent or better Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce™ GTX 1070, equivalent or better Storage: 1500 MB available space © 2017 Big Hit Games Customer reviews Learn More Review Type All (3) Positive (2) Negative (1) Purchase Type All (3) Steam Purchasers (3) Other (0) Language All Languages (3) Your Languages (2) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 2 reviews match the filters above Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
