Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Action Games > iStorm Community Hub iStorm 50 Kinds of Air or Land Vehicles: more than 10 upgradable vehicle trees; multiple helicopters such as Apache, K50, Mi35; various tanks including T90, M1A1, etc. Vehicles from three Countries: the United States, Russia, Germany. User reviews: Overall: Mixed (40 reviews) - 52% of the 40 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 16 Mar, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Action Tanks + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Online Multi-Player Online Co-op In-App Purchases Partial Controller Support Incorporates 3rd-party DRM: MoYi Technology Requires agreement to a 3rd-party EULA iStorm EULA Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English Title: iStorm Genre: Action Developer: MoYi Technology Publisher: MoYi Technology Release Date: 16 Mar, 2017 Visit the website View the manual View stats View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Play iStorm Free To Play Play Game   Recent updates View all (5) 28 April Benefits for istorm fans from other tank carrier game Hello everyone, Benefits for IStorm fans from other tank carrier game : please send screenshot plus istorm game name to your facebook, and @istorm, or share the screenshot and game name in main military game forum，and reply with game link ,you will get award of 15000 gold coin ,and 15 days VIP. (the content of screenshot should show us your love for such games,like achievements,medals,your R&D of vehicles,tech tree in your account ) PS:Please add the referrals(IStorm game name,only one ) with your game name ,so that both parts can get 2000 gold coin. the activity will valid until 31th,May,2017 ------------------我是分割線----------------------- 戰友們好，5.1國際勞動節活動大狂歡。 其他載具類游戲玩家轉戰《IStorm》的專屬福利： 截圖+istorm遊戲名發送到妳的facebook並且@IStorm；或者把截圖+istorm遊戲名在各大軍事遊戲論壇宣傳，然後把連接回復在這裏可獲贈15000金幣，vip15天。 （截圖內容：其他載具類游戲帳號內的成就，勳章，研發車輛，載具樹……表現你對這類游戲的熱愛） PS：發送IStorm遊戲名時註明推薦人（istorm暱稱）雙方可獲贈2000金幣（推薦人只能填一人） 活動有效期至2017年5月31日 23 comments Read more 26 April Announcement of IStorm game maintenance and update Dear player, In order to provide best game experience,our server will stop and have maintenance on April 27 (Thursday) 13: 00-14: 00 Beijing time.If this process can no be finished on time, the start time of server will be put off accordingly.More details are as follows: player can not login the game during maintenance time.For any inconvenience ,we beg your forgiveness , and thank you for the support. Important update: open level 1-5 main station tank, some annihilations and artilleries for D district , open level 5 artillery, gold coins and aircraft AH-6G for M district open new map"Desert town"During May day holiday(Beijing time 2017.04.27-2017.05.08) : players can get 2000G(3 days award for VIP)if players accumulation 2 hours fighting time per day.Experience game optimization: Stop the annihilation match and have maintenance of game function , the reopening time will be determined soon. NPC carrier will be back to battlefield.Server exception compensation: for login exception on April 19,all the players will be compensated of 1000 gold coins and 3 days'vip. for sever disconnecting issue on April 21,all the player will be compensated of 1000 gold coins and 3 days' vip. Moyi game Istorm operation team ----------------------------------分割線------------------------------------- 尊敬的戰友們： 為了給大家帶來更好的遊戲體驗，本服務器將於北京時間的4月27日（週四）上午10：00-12:00進行停服維護，如未能按時完成，則開服時間順延，具體維護內容如下。 維護時間將暫時無法進入遊戲，給各位帶來的不便，還敬請諒解，非常感謝大家的支持！ （鞠躬） 重要更新 開放D系1-5級的主站坦克，部分坦殲和火砲 開放S系5級支援車，火砲，金幣車 開放M系5級火砲，金幣車和飛機AH-6G 開放新地圖《Desert town》5.1國際勞動節活動（北京時間2017.04.27-2017.05.08） 每天累積戰鬥時間兩小時可獲得2000G，VIP3天獎勵。體驗優化 關閉殲滅匹配，進行體驗和功能維護，再次開放時間待定。 NPC戰車重回戰場，服務器異常補償 4月19日登錄異常，補償全體戰友1000金幣，3天VIP； 4月21日服務器異常斷開，補償全體戰友1000金幣，3天VIP。 Moyi Game 《IStorm》運營團隊 2 comments Read more About This Game Let’s jump into a real modern battle! Masterfully coordinated with tanks, helicopters, artillery, reconnaissance vehicles, and support vehicles, this adrenaline-pumping air-to-land battle can make full use of all your combat skills. It can further hone in your combat competitiveness with the multitude of TV missiles, heat-seeking missiles, air defense missiles, mines, fortress, etc. Some of the key features include: System Requirements Minimum: OS: window XP Processor: i3 3.0GHz Memory: 4 GB RAM Graphics: GTX 550 DirectX: Version 9.0c Network: Broadband Internet connection Storage: 20 GB available space Sound Card: integrated Additional Notes: Not recommended Recommended: OS: window 7x64 Processor: i7 3.0GHz Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: GTX 760 DirectX: Version 9.0c Network: Broadband Internet connection Storage: 40 GB available space Sound Card: Independent Additional Notes: recommended Customer reviews Learn More Review Type All (40) Positive (21) Negative (19) Purchase Type All (40) Steam Purchasers (0) Other (40) Language All Languages (40) Your Languages (10) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 0 reviews match the filters above Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
