Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Strategy Games > Hard West Community Hub Hard West When a tragic turn of events sets one man down a path of supernatural chaos and revenge, he must brutally hunt down all those who wronged him. Fight and survive through 8 unique story-based scenarios, and try your hand at 40 individually designed turn-based combat... User reviews: Recent: Mostly Positive (63 reviews) - 74% of the 63 user reviews in the last 30 days are positive. Overall: Mostly Positive (1,169 reviews) - 78% of the 1,169 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 18 Nov, 2015 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Western Strategy Turn-Based Strategy RPG Turn-Based Combat Adventure Indie Action Horror Turn-Based Tactical Singleplayer Turn-Based Tactics Atmospheric Kickstarter Isometric Gore Open World + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Steam Achievements Full controller support Steam Trading Cards Steam Cloud Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English French German Polish Russian Includes 35 Steam Achievements View all 35 Title: Hard West Genre: Adventure, Indie, RPG, Strategy Developer: CreativeForge Games Publisher: Gambitious Digital Entertainment Release Date: 18 Nov, 2015 Visit the website View the manual View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   73 metacritic Read Critic Reviews Awards Buy Hard West R$ 36,99 Add to Cart Buy Hard West Collector's Edition R$ 45,99 Add to Cart Buy Hard West - Complete Edition Includes 3 items: Hard West, Hard West Soundtrack, Hard West: Scars of Freedom DLC Bundle info -20% R$ 50,61 Add to Cart Downloadable Content For This Game R$ 19,99 Hard West Soundtrack R$ 6,29 Hard West: Scars of Freedom DLC R$ 26,28 Add all DLC to Cart   Reviews “Everyone who likes tactical strategy games should take a closer look on Hard West.” 8.5/10 – Gameswelt “More than just an X-Com-like, Hard West has a style all its own.” 7.3/10 – IGN “Undead Gunslingers, Psychics, and Demons all wrapped up in a Tactical Western Adventure” 8/10 – Gamewatcher Collector's Edition The Digital Collector’s Edition of Hard West comes with a comprehensive Digital Artbook, Original Digital Comic Book, and Full Original Digital Soundtrack which was mastered and composed by Marcin Przybylowicz (The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt). About This Game Welcome to the Wild West like you’ve never seen it before. When a tragic turn of events sets one man down a path of supernatural chaos and revenge, he must brutally hunt down all those who wronged him. Follow Warren on his descent into the darkest recesses of the human soul, and try to survive in a world full of hard choices and even harder consequences. Because in this world, death is a constant presence and the black pacts which you make with forces beyond human comprehension will forever haunt all those around you. Fight and survive through 8 unique story-based scenarios, and try your hand at 40 individually designed turn-based combat missions. Journey deeper into the world of Hard West and meet a colorful cast of playable characters whose fates are intimately intertwined with yours. Together you will need to make divisive choices to uncover the ultimate plans of the ancient powers at play, as you unravel a deep narrative storyline featuring multiple endings depending on the choices you make during the game. Game Features A Unique “Weird” West World: Explore a world where Western legends meet demons, arcane rituals and satanic cults and where the dead can walk the Earth again. For a price. Compelling Turn-based Combat: Control 1-4 squad members in thrilling turn-based combat encounters and master a range of powerful western-inspired special abilities, from feats of gunslinging to survivability against all odds, to take out your opponents in a series of original tactical maps with unique story-based objectives. Collect and Combine Special Abilities: Obtain new special abilities by collecting and equipping unique cards which are earned throughout the game by completing main- and optional objectives, exploration , bartering, treasure hunting and more. These cards can be combined to create even more powerful combos, and provide additional options in combat. Choice and Fate: Experience a deep story where decisions made during and between combat scenarios will resonate through future events and change the ultimate fates of a divisive group of colorful characters Luck of the Draw: Use a combat system that goes far beyond pure probability by featuring luck as a unique guardian of engaging and challenging combat Dynamic Cover: Change the flow of combat thanks to an extensive cover system which allows for the creation of effective cover from objects in the environment, making flanking and maneuvering during battles a truly powerful tactic Shadow Spotting: Exploit the Blazing western sun to Locate out of sight enemies by the shadows that they cast, along with the sounds they make Ricochets: Utilize Metal objects to allow master gunslingers to shoot beyond the line of sight for increased tactical combat options, and diversified planning 40 Historically Inspired Weapons: Equip and employ an eclectic collection of deadly shotguns, rifles, pistols and sniper rifles, all based upon real outlandish prototypes, designs and ideas from the era System Requirements Windows Mac OS X Minimum: OS: Windows Vista/7/8/10 Processor: AMD Athlon(tm) 64 X2 2.6 GHz / Intel Core 2 Quad 2.6 GHz Memory: 4 GB RAM Graphics: Radeon HD 4670 (512 MB) / GeForce GT 430 (1024 MB) DirectX: Version 10 Storage: 6 GB available space Recommended: OS: Windows Vista/7/8/10 Processor: AMD Athlon II X4 3.1 GHz / Intel Core i5 3 GHz Memory: 6 GB RAM Graphics: Radeon R7 260X (2 GB) / GeForce GTX 550 Ti (1 GB) DirectX: Version 10 Storage: 6 GB available space Minimum: OS: OSX 10.9.6, 10.10, 10.11 Processor: Intel Core i5-2520M (2.5 GHZ) Memory: 4 GB RAM Graphics: Radeon HD 6630M (256 MB) Storage: 6 GB available space Customer reviews Learn More Recent: Mostly Positive (63 reviews) Overall: Mostly Positive (1,169 reviews) Review Type All (1,453) Positive (1,155) Negative (298) Purchase Type All (1,453) Steam Purchasers (1,169) Other (284) Language All Languages (1,453) Your Languages (850) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 672 reviews match the filters above ( Mostly Positive) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. There is more than one way to buy this game. Please select a specific package to create a widget for: Hard West Hard West Collector's Edition Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
