Top Questions Where's my order? What is your return policy? How do I check my gift card balance? Don't see your question? Visit our help section. See all best sellers Coming Soon Consoles Wii Nintendo DS GameCube PS Vita Steam Machine Retro Classics Genre Anime and Manga DC Five Nights at Freddy's Legend of Zelda Marvel Pokemon Star Wars Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Other Accessories Apparel Downloadable Content Drones & High-Tech Gadgets Free to Play See all best sellers Coming Soon Video Game Stuff Assassin's Creed Call of Duty Fallout Five Nights at Freddy's Halo Mario and Friends Mass Effect Mega Man Minecraft Pokemon The Legend of Zelda Collectible Stuff All Collectibles Busts & Statues Canvas Art Diamond Collectibles Figures Funko NECA Plush Replicas Movie & TV Stuff Adventure Time Avengers DC Comics Dr. Who Firefly Game of Thrones Guardians of the Galaxy Harry Potter Lord of the Rings Marvel Sailor Moon Star Trek Star Wars The Walking Dead WWE Yo-Kai Watch Apparel Stuff All Apparel Accessories Bags Costumes Hats Jackets Pants Socks T-Shirts Underwear See All Cool Stuff See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX One Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX One Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX One Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX One Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX One Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX One Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX One by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX One See all best sellers Coming Soon PS4 Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS4 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS4 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS4 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS4 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS4 Hardware Game Systems Playstation Camera Playstation VR Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS4 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS4 See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX 360 Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX 360 Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX 360 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX 360 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX 360 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX 360 Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX 360 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX 360 See all best sellers Coming Soon PS3 Games All Games Action Fighting Move Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS3 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS3 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS3 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS3 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS3 Hardware Game Systems PS3 Move Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS3 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS3 See all best sellers Coming Soon PC Games All Games Action Fighting Free To Play Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy PC Digital Content Steam Wallet Cards Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons PC Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PC Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Keyboards & Mice Memory Networking Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PC Hardware Game Systems Steam Machine Virtual Reality Shop PC by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PC See all best sellers Coming Soon Wii U Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy Wii U Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons Wii U Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 Wii U Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Stategy Guides Storage & Cases Wii U Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Acessories Pre-Owned Bundles Wii U Hardware Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop Wii U by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All Wii U See all best sellers Coming Soon 3DS Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy 3DS Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons 3DS Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 3DS Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases 3DS Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles 3DS Hardware 3DS XL Game Systems 3DS Game Systems 2DS Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders Shop 3DS by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All 3DS See all best sellers XBOX One XBOX One Games XBOX One Hardware XBOX One Accessories XBOX One Bundles PS4 PS4 Games PS4 Hardware PS4 Accessories PS4 Bundles Wii U Wii U Games Wii U Hardware Wii U Accessories Wii U Bundles 3DS 3DS Games 3DS Hardware 3DS Accessories 3DS Bundles XBOX 360 XBOX 360 Games XBOX 360 Hardware XBOX 360 Accessories XBOX 360 Bundles PS3 PS3 Games PS3 Hardware PS3 Accessories PS3 Bundles Wii Wii Games Wii Hardware Wii Accessories Wii Bundles PS Vita PS Vita Games PS Vita Hardware PS Vita Accessories PS Vita Bundles Retro Software Hardware Accessories Electronics Phones Wearables Tablets Media Players Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders See All Pre-Owned See all best sellers PS Vita Games All Action Casual DLC Fighting Music & Party Puzzle & Cards Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy PS Vita Deals Price Drop Under $20 PS Vita Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Faceplates & Skins Game Systems Headsets & Mics Memory Repair & Cleaning Storage & Cases PS Vita Hardware Game Systems Shop PS Vita by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS Vita Need Help? PowerUp Rewards Find a Store Gift Cards Weekly Ad Deals Your Cart Xbox One PS4 Switch Xbox 360 PS3 PC Wii U 3DS VR Cool Stuff Digital Electronics More Pre-Owned Trade Values Pick My Home Store Get access to great in-store deals and local pick-up Exclusive Deals Sign up for our email deals newsletter! PC ActionCasualCollectiblesDLCEducationalFightingMonitorMusic & PartyObservation & SecurityProductivityPuzzle & CardsRole-PlayingShooterSimulationSportsStrategyStrategy Guides PC Accessories Audio & VisualBatteries & ChargersCables & AdaptorsCameras & WebcamsControllersFaceplates & SkinsGame SystemsGaming FurnitureGear & ApparelHeadsets & MicsInteractive Gaming FiguresKeyboards & MiceMemoryMounts & BracketsNetworkingSpeakersStorage & CasesVideo & Sound Cards Gears of War 4 by Microsoft Tweet Jump to: Product Details Videos & Screenshots Specials BUY DOWNLOAD $59.99 Add to Cart Available for download. More info. Downloads to U.S. addresses only Download orders are not eligible for returns or credits Add to Wish List Blood and Gore Intense Violence Strong Language Gears of War 4 is rated 3.8 out of 5 by 18. y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_15 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_18 loc_en_US, sid_133398, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getAggregateRating, 9ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT Platform: PC , Xbox One Publisher: Microsoft Developer: The Coalition Category: Action Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought Product Details: A new saga begins for one of the most acclaimed video game franchises in history. After narrowly escaping an attack on their village, JD Fenix and his friends, Kait and Del, must rescue the ones they love and discover the source of a monstrous new enemy. - Gears Of War 4 Back To Square One by Andrew Reiner Concept: New developer. New heroes. New enemies. The same Gears of War Graphics: Heightened weather effects and destruction produce a continual stream of awesome visuals to soak in. The new enemy types are also beautifully animated. The game even offers enhancements when viewed on a 4K TV Sound: The "dude-bro" dialogue is subdued and replaced by legitimately humorous banter. The soundtrack is once again thumping, and the satisfying guitar chord is back to signify the conclusion of each combat encounter Playability: Seek cover, pop up, and shoot. Gears of War's combat hasn't changed, but the toys you can play with pack more of a punch - which is needed, given how aggressive the enemies are Entertainment: The campaign is too familiar at times, but the gameplay is top notch. All multiplayer modes showcase high levels of depth and reasons to come back Replay: High Gears of War 4 is every bit as enjoyable as the series' past iterations, but isn't the fresh start you might think it is. The fourth wall is nearly broken in Gears of War 4's opening moments when a news reporter looks into the camera, and says "We're back." This dialogue is meant to elicit excitement from fans, but is somewhat of a misleading message, since Gears of War 4 is developed by a new studio, introduces new heroes, a new threat, new weapons, and has consistently been pitched as a "new saga." Before developer The Coalition shows us how different its vision is,Gears of War 4 begins with a clever playable prologue that walks us through the key battles that shaped Sera and the series. Through this tightly scripted introduction, The Coalition does a fantastic job of giving players a true sense of closure while establishing the need for the story to head in a different direction. Set 25 years after the Imulsion Countermeasure (which destroyed all of the Locust and Lambent nests), we meet new protagonists JD Fenix, Kait Diaz, and Del Walker on a sunny and colorful hillside. The series' trademark "destroyed beauty" approach to art design is nowhere to be found; it's just beautiful. The sequence even concludes with the trio stopping to witness a butterfly being born from its cocoon. The takeaway from this moment is that something ugly can eventually become beautiful and dynamic. After this peculiar moment, which seems at the time to be more of a commentary on the series than anything in the game, The Coalition doubles down on its decision to take Gears of War 4 in a different direction. The first act is vibrant, free of blood and guts, and more about the political climate of the world. We learn JD and his crew have shunned the Coalition of Ordered Governments (COG) to live as outsiders. This initial story hook has a Robin Hood vibe, and begins with JD trying to steal a prized piece of technology from within COG city walls. See more of the review at Game Informer Never Fight Alone: Enjoy two-player co-op with friends locally via split-screen, over Xbox Live or LAN. Player 2 can select either Kait or Del. Redefined Cover Gameplay: New close-cover combat moves and combat-knife executions turn each piece of cover into an offensive opportunity. Brutal New Weapons: An incredible arsenal of new weapons includes the Buzzkill and Dropshot, which can shoot around and over cover, raining destruction from all angles Explosive Versus Multiplayer: Compete online in new and favorite game types, all at 60fps on dedicated servers. A new visible ranking system means fairer matchmaking for social, competitive and professional players alike. Xbox Play Anywhere Experience the freedom to play your games wherever you want. Now when you own an Xbox Anywhere digital title, it's yours to play on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no additional cost. *PC hardware requirements may vary for games on Windows 10. Purchase includes access to the game on Xbox One and Windows 10. Access is only available via the digital version of this game Go to Xbox.com or Microsoft.com to redeem win 10 codes and the content will be associated with your Microsoft sign in account. If you want to use a location different from Xbox, microsoft.com/redeem and enter code. Codes entered from your Xbox or XBL account will show up on your Win10 PC via the Xbox App. Arm yourself against a new threat Click here to learn more about the Official Strategy Guide 100% Complete Walkthrough: Coverage of all areas and encounters! Co-Op Strategy included! Detailed Campaign and Multiplayer Maps - Grab every collectible, locate every objective, and never lose your way! ?Learn how to take down the new threat - Take a sneak peek inside the guide to learn how! Specifications: System Requirements: Connectivity Requires Windows 10 to Play Recommended for You Important Information: If you are a fan of the Gears of War franchise, check out all the latest Gears of War 4 games and accessories available for Xbox One now. Important Information: Offer valid to anyone who preorders Gears of War 4 for Xbox One between March 1, 2016 and October 10, 2016 online at www.gamestop.com or at any participating GameStop location in the United States. Must preorder Gears of War for Xbox One by October 10, 2016 and complete the purchase in-store at GameStop to qualify for the offer. Purchases alone will not qualify. Offer limited to while supplies last. Limit one Gear Pack per person total. Must be a legal resident of the U.S. age 17 or older to play Gears of War. Each card is redeemable for the content/item shown on the cards. Content on some cards is only usable during multiplayer play. Broadband internet; ISP fees apply. Online multiplayer requires Xbox Live Gold subscription (sold separately). Use of Xbox and Xbox Live Gold is subject to the Microsoft Services Agreement (www.microsoft.com/msa). Other fees may apply. This offer is non-transferable and cannot be combined with any other offer. Offer is not redeemable for cash. Taxes, if any, are the sole responsibility of the recipient. Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice. Rated 5 out of 5 by THE UNTOUCHABLES 1987 from i love this series!!!!! I have been playing GOW ever since the first one came out in 2006,and i am still playing it only on my XBOX one now. gears of war 4 is just as good as the rest, except judgement, which was not that great. until this day, gears of war is one of the best games out there ever. Date published: 2017-05-03 Rated 1 out of 5 by jgolay from Shotguns are great It is a great game if you love playing shotguns vs shotguns with long matchmaking. You cant kill with anything else cause the shotgun out kills the other guns no matter what. The graphics and sound is good but bot worth doing anything when you are killed with one git from a shotgun everytime. Date published: 2017-02-07 Rated 4 out of 5 by Blue05 from A Great Addition to the Gears Games Gears of War 4 is a great addition to the past gears games. It has an option for local 2 player co-op, it has horde and versus mode and campaign. It has 4 modes: casual, normal, hardcore and insane all decent to play on. The thing I will say is campaign left a cliff hanger and I cant wait for the next game. Date published: 2016-12-28 Rated 5 out of 5 by SONNYCORLEONE93 from such an amazing addition to a great series!!! I have always loved the GOW games right from the beginning back in 2006. then came GOW 2 two years later, then GOW 3 in 2011, then GOW:Judgement which was ok in my opinion but not like the rest.Now in 2016 is GOW 4 which pretty much blew me away, with breathtaking visuals and gameplay. you get to play as J.D Fenix, which is Marcus Fenix's son,(of course). the game also features a couple of new weapons to destroy your enemies with, along side your 2 friends:kait and del. overall great addition to the greatest series ever. Date published: 2016-12-13 Rated 4 out of 5 by johndoe30 from i luv gears first off the game looks beautiful the graphics are on point its even better if you have a 4ktv with hdr the story is good the ending sets up things for the next gears of war Date published: 2016-12-12 Rated 4 out of 5 by EYESODD from A GREAT REBOOT! Nostalgia, new content, new story, and non-stop action. The new world the 4th installment of this franchise paints for you is a beautiful one, riddled with harsh memories,a skewed idea of utopia, and mystery. I never imagined this series to continue, but the coalition aced it with this re-imagined, post- war torn world. Reminding you that nightmares never truly come to an end. PVP and Horde are better than ever with customization, and character classes. As well as new game modes. I guarantee you won't be disappointed with this one! Date published: 2016-10-25 Rated 4 out of 5 by THEzCH0SENzONE from Awesome online, limited awards Graphics are great. Gameplay is great. Campaign is fun but not as long as I hope. Still sufficient. Online play is smooth and lobby style with bounties and airdrops are awesome. Still not a fully sufficient awarding system for leveling up on multiplayer. Pretty much play for the love of the game, which I still do because the online is fantastic. New game modes are awesome add as well Date published: 2016-10-21 Rated 5 out of 5 by cheese12116 from The best game ever made There is nothing wrong with this game the graphics are amazing. The game-play is amazing the multiplayer theirs nothing bad about this game just the best game ever made. Date published: 2016-10-20 Gears of War 4 Reviews - page 2 y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_15 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_18 loc_en_US, sid_133398, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getReviews, 10ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT FAQ's Items in Cart: Order Sub-total: Continue Shopping Checkout 1 Item Added to Cart   Protect Your Investment Add Plan to Cart We also recommend Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time PowerUp Rewards Pro members get 10% off pre-owned games and accessories. Enter your rewards number in the cart to see discounts. FIND IT Upcoming Video Games PC Downloads Sign Up for Deals RSS Feed Events Sweepstakes Site Map GET HELP Help Center Gift Card Balance Order History Guest/In-store Orders Contact Us Store Feedback Security Update NETWORK PowerUp Rewards PowerUp Rewards Credit Card Game Informer Kongregate GameStop International ESRB Respect the Ratings What is ESRB? CONNECT GET THE APP What's In It?   © 1999-2017 GameStop Mobile Site Affiliates Corporate Careers Privacy Policy Conditions of Use CA Transparency Act Add to Wish List: Download
