Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Action Games > The Signal From Tölva Community Hub The Signal From Tölva The Signal From Tölva is an open-world first-person shooter set on a distant, haunted, future world. Unlock savage weapons and recruit robots to fight alongside you as rival factions struggle to discover the source of the mysterious signal. What you discover will decide the fate of a world. User reviews: Overall: Very Positive (120 reviews) - 82% of the 120 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 10 Apr, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Action Robots Open World Sci-fi FPS First-Person Indie Singleplayer Shooter Stealth Exploration + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Steam Achievements Full controller support Steam Trading Cards Steam Cloud Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English Includes 42 Steam Achievements View all 42 Title: The Signal From Tölva Genre: Action Developer: Big Robot Ltd Publisher: Big Robot Ltd Release Date: 10 Apr, 2017 Visit the website View the manual View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Buy The Signal From Tölva R$ 36,99 Add to Cart Buy Robot Systems BUNDLE (?) Includes 3 items: AVSEQ, Sir, You Are Being Hunted, The Signal From Tölva Bundle info -20% R$ 62,61 Add to Cart   Recent updates View all (3) 27 April Second Patch: Fixes and Free Camera Hello there! We've just made a new patch live. It shouldn't change anything in your ongoing saved games, but please do let us know if you spot anything. We've included the option to launch the game with a free cam mode if you're into screenshot stuff. Beware it can and will break the game, so we've kept it to a command line option. Take a look in the readme.txt in the root for details, and then follow instructions on screen. It will allow you to capture nice panning video as well as super-high res screen dumps. Patch bits: Fix Traveller achievement. (Jim's fault! Sorry.) Make all zones/weapons/missions achievements unlock when loading save games. Make rank achievements unlock when attaining any higher rank (so, e.g., hitting rank 3 will also grant the rank 1 achievement if you don't already have it). Reverted to non-exclusive fullscreen. We tried this out because a few people had requested it and exclusive was slightly faster, but it proved too annoying. Unfortunately because it's a build-only function in Unity we can't offer it as a game option. Added difficulty selection. This is a bit of a work in progress as it only currently changes the damage taken by the player. In future we might also look at imposing different behaviour "personalities" on these guys depending on difficulty options. Beware Easy is VERY EASY :) Difficulty settings can be applied in your current game using the escape menu. Added tourist camera option (see readme.txt in game folder root). Included lorebook PDF in game folder for ytour convenience - this is still in the manual for the Steam page, too. Fixed some scoped weapons inverting axes when zoomed. Dropguns now take damage on their wings. Maze achievement timer no longer keeps counting if you transfer to a new drone from the maze. Increased size/legibility of contextual help. Hiding HUD no longer changes overall game colour. Added readme file to explain tourist mode. That's all for now. We're going to be adding more stuff in the coming weeks and should have news about Other Things soon! PS: if you are interested in development stuff we have a new devblog up over here. cheers, -BR 10 comments Read more 14 April Our Very First Patch: Bird Death, Tweaks, & Fixes The first post-release patch for The Signal From Tölva is now live! Here are the notes: - HUD scales to match resolution (excludes floating hints or tags). - Resolutions list should now include common 21:9 resolutions. - Toggle HUD command is now available for binding on keyboard controls. - Fix for Traveller & Stevedore achievements not unlocking correctly. - Mantabirds can be shot and will die :( - Menu glitch FX is toggleable in settings. - Headbob is toggleable in settings. - Fixed hit-dit audio not respecting volume sliders. - Switch to exclusive mode for fullscreen. - Quitting from the respawn screen now saves the game correctly. - Miscellaneous performance & bugfixes! As ever, let us know how you get on. Instability issues with certain AMD cards should be up next. Thanks for your patience. PS: PC Gamer put us on their Best Games Of 2017 list! 25 comments Read more Reviews “A lean, intelligent sci-fi shooter with a watchmaker’s eye for detail.” 80% – PC Gamer “An open-world wasteland game of unusual profundity.” Eurogamer “It's like being gently hugged by a strange cloud that occasionally fires lasers.” Cool Ghosts About This Game The Signal From Tölva is a first-person game of exploration and combat, set in a beautiful, hand-crafted, hand-painted sci-fi world. Key Features Explore a single-player shooter set in a weird, sprawling, tranquil alien landscape. Fight a war of territory control against dynamic and ferocious AI. Recruit allied robots to fight alongside you. Equip electronic countermeasures, plasma shields, and savage beam weapons for intense skirmishing. Unlock the secrets of the signal and enjoy the rich, complex fiction behind the Tölva universe with our free PDF lorebook. Delve into science fiction mystery as you investigate the haunting highlands of Tölva. The Story So FarIn the distant future, star-faring robotic factions sift through the ruins of an ancient civilisation. On the highlands of Tölva, beneath the shadow of abandoned war machines, they found something. Was it the source of the signal you were so interested in? And will the trail lead to enlightenment, or something more sinister? You hijack a drone and you begin the search for yourself. The Signal From Tölva is a journey into a wild, weird science fiction landscape, filled with danger and beauty: you must survive terrible hazards, navigate through impossible spaces, and fight an ongoing battle to control this haunted, blighted world. Explore, ponder strange texts, and find tranquillity between the battles. You will make use of a range of powerful tools to overcome your enemies and uncover secrets: hack robots to battle alongside you, equip powerful weapons, and detonate savage defence systems. Fight, explore, and solve the mystery of The Signal From Tölva! System Requirements Minimum: OS: Windows 7/8/10 (64-bit OS required) Processor: Intel Core i5-2300 2.8 GHz, or equivalent. Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA GTX 550 Ti 2GB, or equivalent. Storage: 2 GB available space Recommended: OS: Windows 7/8/10 (64-bit OS required) Processor: Intel Core i7 4790 3.6 GHz, or equivalent. Memory: 16 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA 970 GTX , or equivalent. Storage: 2 GB available space Big Robot Ltd and The Signal From Tölva, in addition to all game code, audio materials, and visual materials are © 2017 Big Robot Ltd. All Rights Reserved. See all More like this Customer reviews Learn More Overall: Very Positive (120 reviews) Review Type All (139) Positive (114) Negative (25) Purchase Type All (139) Steam Purchasers (120) Other (19) Language All Languages (139) Your Languages (116) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 102 reviews match the filters above ( Very Positive) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
