Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Action Games > Far Cry 3 Community Hub Far Cry 3 Discover the dark secrets of a lawless island ruled by violence and take the fight to the enemy as you try to escape. You’ll need more than luck to escape alive! User reviews: Recent: Very Positive (373 reviews) - 88% of the 373 user reviews in the last 30 days are positive. Overall: Very Positive (36,727 reviews) - 89% of the 36,727 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 4 Dec, 2012 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Open World FPS Action Adventure Shooter Stealth Hunting First-Person Multiplayer Co-op Singleplayer Sandbox Survival Story Rich Atmospheric Colorful Online Co-Op Crafting RPG Nudity + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Multi-player Co-op Partial Controller Support Requires 3rd-Party Account: Uplay (Supports Linking to Steam Account) Requires agreement to a 3rd-party EULA 220240_eula Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English German French Italian Spanish Portuguese Polish Danish Dutch Norwegian Swedish Czech Russian See all 13 supported languages Title: Far Cry 3 Genre: Action, Adventure Developer: Ubisoft Montreal, Massive Entertainment, and Ubisoft Shanghai Publisher: Ubisoft Release Date: 4 Dec, 2012 Visit the website View the manual View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   88 metacritic Read Critic Reviews Buy Far Cry 3 R$ 39,99 Add to Cart Buy Far Cry 3 - Deluxe Edition R$ 59,99 Add to Cart Buy Far Cry Bundle BUNDLE (?) Includes 5 items: Far Cry, Far Cry 2, Far Cry 3, Far Cry 4, Far Cry Primal Standard Edition Bundle info -10% R$ 215,95 Add to Cart   Recent updates View all (2) 20 December, 2016 Far Cry 3 & Far Cry 4 nominated in the Steam Awards! On December 22nd, don’t forget to vote for your favorite videogame Villain! Far Cry 3’s Vaas and Far Cry 4’s Pagan Min are nominated in the Steam Awards category: “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug”. More information: HERE 195 comments Read more 5 December, 2016 Happy birthday to Far Cry 3 ! Happy birthday to Far Cry 3 ! The game was released December 4, 2012, in North America. Already four years of insanity and many more to come! 155 comments Read more Reviews “INCREDIBLE” 9/10 – IGN “ONE ADVENTURE YOU WON’T WANT TO MISS” 9/10 – GAME INFORMER “A huge and excitingly rich open world” 89/100 – PC Gamer “A must-have for any shooter fan” 4.5/5 – The Escapist “Outstanding” 4.5/5 – GameSpy “One of the best games of the year” 9/10 – Polygon Featured DLC The co-op story is far from over. Hoyt’s privateers have ambushed the four survivors and taken them hostage. It’s up to you and your friends to escape an underground prison and find a way off this island of insanity. This Free High Tides DLC Pack Includes: 2 New Co-op Maps: Jailbreak & Redemption 4 New Co-op Skins: "Warrior-ized" Leonard, Tisha, Callum & Mikhael Digital Deluxe Edition The Deluxe Edition includes: The Monkey Business Pack: Meet Hurk and his explosive bomb-carrying monkey in four heart-pounding missions and get two bonus ways to humiliate your friends in multiplayer. The Lost Expeditions: Discover the secrets of the island’s lost World War II ruins in two suspenseful action missions, and unlock the power of a shotgun in a one-handed flare gun in multiplayer. The Warrior Pack: Strike fear in your enemies with an exclusive dagger and get an early unlock of the tattoo editor in multiplayer. The Predator Pack: Hunt four ferocious animals with the M-700 Predator Rifle in single-player and silently kill opponents with the unlocked Predator Bow in multiplayer. The Survival Guide artbook (pdf file): Discover unique artwork and insider information to help you survive the insanity of the island. The game soundtrack About This Game Far Cry 3 is an open world first-person shooter set on an island unlike any other. A place where heavily armed warlords traffic in slaves. Where outsiders are hunted for ransom. And as you embark on a desperate quest to rescue your friends, you realize that the only way to escape this darkness… is to embrace it Key Features:AN OPEN WORLD FIRST-PERSON SHOOTER Create your own FPS adventure. Customize your weapons, your skills and your approach to each mission, whether you favor intense run-and-gun action, stealthy close-up takedowns or long-range sniping. AN ISLAND OF DANGER AND DISCOVERY Explore a diverse island playground, from mountain ranges and swampy grasslands to white sandy beaches. Discover relics, hunt exotic animals, play mini-games and travel quickly by land, sea or air. Fight your way through the island’s towns, temples, river ports and more! UNCOVER A MEMORABLE STORY AND AN INSANE CAST OF CHARACTERS Encounter an engaging and disturbed cast of characters as you take a gritty journey to the dark side of humanity, written by a Writers Guild Award winner. PLAY WITH FRIENDS IN A FULL CO-OP CAMPAIGN Play online and team up in a four-player campaign which challenges you to be your best and work together to prevail. Experience the island through the eyes of a wayward crew in their own quest to survive against the odds. A DIFFERENT BREED OF MULTIPLAYER Innovative multiplayer rewards skill and team play. To level up, players must support each other by boosting with battle cries, reviving teammates and calling in support weapons. After each match, players have the choice to punish or show mercy for their foes in fun and twisted ways, choreographed with interactive cutscenes. USE THE MAP EDITOR TO CREATE AND ACCESS NEW CONTENT The powerful and easy-to-use Far Cry® Map Editor is back, with new and improved features. A community of mapmakers ensures a constant stream of all-new content with the very best being showcased for the whole world to enjoy. Using the included tools, you too can make amazing maps, quickly and easily. CUTTING-EDGE GRAPHICS AND GAMEPLAY Far Cry® 3 is being developed by the world-class game designers who brought you such critically acclaimed titles as Assassin’s Creed® 2, Assassin’s Creed® Brotherhood, and World in Conflict®. System Requirements Minimum: OS:Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 Processor:Intel Core®2 Duo E6700 @ 2.6 GHz or AMD Athlon64 X2 6000+ @ 3.0Ghz or better Memory:4 GB RAM Graphics:512MB Video RAM (1GB Video RAM), DirectX9c (DirectX11) Shader Model 3.0 (Shader Model 5.0) DirectX®:9.0c Hard Drive:15 GB HD space Sound:DirectX Compatible (Recommended Surround Sound 5.1 capable) Other Requirements:Broadband Internet connection Additional:*Supported Video Cards at Time of Release: AMD Radeon™ HD 2900 / 3000 / 4000 / 5000 / 6000 / 7000 series, NVIDIA® GeForce® 8800 GTX / 9 / 200 / 400 / 500 / 600 series. Laptop versions of these cards may work, but are not supported. These chipsets are the only ones that will run this game. For the most up-to-date minimum requirement listings, please visit the FAQ on our support website at http://support.ubi.com. Requires a UPlay account Recommended: Memory:4 GB RAM Graphics:512MB Video RAM (1GB Video RAM), DirectX9c (DirectX11) Shader Model 3.0 (Shader Model 5.0) DirectX®:11 Hard Drive:15 GB HD space Sound:DirectX Compatible (Recommended Surround Sound 5.1 capable) Other Requirements:Broadband Internet connection Additional:*Supported Video Cards at Time of Release: AMD Radeon™ HD 2900 / 3000 / 4000 / 5000 / 6000 / 7000 series, NVIDIA® GeForce® 8800 GTX / 9 / 200 / 400 / 500 / 600 series. Laptop versions of these cards may work, but are not supported. These chipsets are the only ones that will run this game. For the most up-to-date minimum requirement listings, please visit the FAQ on our support website at http://support.ubi.com. Requires a UPlay account © 2007–2012 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Far Cry, Ubisoft, and the Ubisoft logo are trademarks of Ubisoft Entertainment in the US and/or other countries. Based on Crytek’s original Far Cry directed by Cevat Yerli. Powered by Crytek’s technology “CryEngine.”. Customer reviews Learn More Recent: Very Positive (373 reviews) Overall: Very Positive (36,727 reviews) Review Type All (42,514) Positive (38,059) Negative (4,455) Purchase Type All (42,514) Steam Purchasers (36,727) Other (5,787) Language All Languages (42,514) Your Languages (18,995) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 16,308 reviews match the filters above ( Very Positive) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. There is more than one way to buy this game. Please select a specific package to create a widget for: Far Cry 3 Far Cry 3 - Deluxe Edition Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
