Top Questions Where's my order? What is your return policy? How do I check my gift card balance? Don't see your question? Visit our help section. See all best sellers Coming Soon Consoles Wii Nintendo DS GameCube PS Vita Steam Machine Retro Classics Genre Anime and Manga DC Five Nights at Freddy's Legend of Zelda Marvel Pokemon Star Wars Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Other Accessories Apparel Downloadable Content Drones & High-Tech Gadgets Free to Play See all best sellers Coming Soon Video Game Stuff Assassin's Creed Call of Duty Fallout Five Nights at Freddy's Halo Mario and Friends Mass Effect Mega Man Minecraft Pokemon The Legend of Zelda Collectible Stuff All Collectibles Busts & Statues Canvas Art Diamond Collectibles Figures Funko NECA Plush Replicas Movie & TV Stuff Adventure Time Avengers DC Comics Dr. Who Firefly Game of Thrones Guardians of the Galaxy Harry Potter Lord of the Rings Marvel Sailor Moon Star Trek Star Wars The Walking Dead WWE Yo-Kai Watch Apparel Stuff All Apparel Accessories Bags Costumes Hats Jackets Pants Socks T-Shirts Underwear See All Cool Stuff See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX One Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX One Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX One Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX One Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX One Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX One Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX One by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX One See all best sellers Coming Soon PS4 Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS4 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS4 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS4 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS4 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS4 Hardware Game Systems Playstation Camera Playstation VR Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS4 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS4 See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX 360 Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX 360 Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX 360 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX 360 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX 360 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX 360 Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX 360 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX 360 See all best sellers Coming Soon PS3 Games All Games Action Fighting Move Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS3 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS3 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS3 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS3 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS3 Hardware Game Systems PS3 Move Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS3 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS3 See all best sellers Coming Soon PC Games All Games Action Fighting Free To Play Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy PC Digital Content Steam Wallet Cards Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons PC Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PC Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Keyboards & Mice Memory Networking Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PC Hardware Game Systems Steam Machine Virtual Reality Shop PC by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PC See all best sellers Coming Soon Wii U Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy Wii U Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons Wii U Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 Wii U Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Stategy Guides Storage & Cases Wii U Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Acessories Pre-Owned Bundles Wii U Hardware Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop Wii U by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All Wii U See all best sellers Coming Soon 3DS Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy 3DS Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons 3DS Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 3DS Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases 3DS Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles 3DS Hardware 3DS XL Game Systems 3DS Game Systems 2DS Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders Shop 3DS by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All 3DS See all best sellers XBOX One XBOX One Games XBOX One Hardware XBOX One Accessories XBOX One Bundles PS4 PS4 Games PS4 Hardware PS4 Accessories PS4 Bundles Wii U Wii U Games Wii U Hardware Wii U Accessories Wii U Bundles 3DS 3DS Games 3DS Hardware 3DS Accessories 3DS Bundles XBOX 360 XBOX 360 Games XBOX 360 Hardware XBOX 360 Accessories XBOX 360 Bundles PS3 PS3 Games PS3 Hardware PS3 Accessories PS3 Bundles Wii Wii Games Wii Hardware Wii Accessories Wii Bundles PS Vita PS Vita Games PS Vita Hardware PS Vita Accessories PS Vita Bundles Retro Software Hardware Accessories Electronics Phones Wearables Tablets Media Players Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders See All Pre-Owned See all best sellers PS Vita Games All Action Casual DLC Fighting Music & Party Puzzle & Cards Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy PS Vita Deals Price Drop Under $20 PS Vita Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Faceplates & Skins Game Systems Headsets & Mics Memory Repair & Cleaning Storage & Cases PS Vita Hardware Game Systems Shop PS Vita by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS Vita Need Help? PowerUp Rewards Find a Store Gift Cards Weekly Ad Deals Your Cart Xbox One PS4 Switch Xbox 360 PS3 PC Wii U 3DS VR Cool Stuff Digital Electronics More Pre-Owned Trade Values Pick My Home Store Get access to great in-store deals and local pick-up Exclusive Deals Sign up for our email deals newsletter! PS4 ActionCasualDLCFightingMonitorMoveMusic & PartyPuzzle & CardsRole-PlayingShooterSimulationSportsStrategyStrategy Guides PS4 Accessories Audio & VisualBatteries & ChargersCables & AdaptorsCameras & WebcamsControllersCooling SystemsFaceplates & SkinsGame SystemsGaming FurnitureGear & ApparelHeadsets & MicsInteractive Gaming FiguresKeyboards & MiceMemoryMounts & BracketsStorage & CasesVideo & Sound Cards DiRT Rally by Codemasters Tweet Jump to: Product Details Videos & Screenshots BUY NEW $19.99 Not Available Currently unavailable online Ships to U.S. addresses only Pick Up At Store Check Availability BUY PRE-OWNED $18.99 $17.09 PowerUp Rewards Pro Price Learn More Add to Cart Usually ships in 24 hrs Ships to U.S. addresses only Pre-owned Guarantee Pick Up At Store Check Availability Add to Wish List No Descriptors DiRT Rally is rated 3.6 out of 5 by 10. y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_10 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_10 loc_en_US, sid_128429, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getAggregateRating, 13ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT Platform: PlayStation 4 Publisher: Codemasters Developer: Codemasters Category: Sports , Racing Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought Product Details: DiRT Rally captures the essence of what makes rally unique - that sense of trying to remain in control, as you hurtle along dangerous, undulating roads at breakneck speed, aiming to squeeze everything out of your car whilst knowing that one crash could irreparably harm your stage time. - Dirt Rally Taking The Hard Road To The Top by Matthew Kato Concept: Codemasters puts out its first rally-only title in a long time Graphics: The regular rally racing is gorgeous, but I encountered dropped frames during the multi-car rallycross Sound: Listening to a car game usually gets old fast, but I don't think I'll ever get tired of the cacophony of an engine popping and crackling, the crunching gravel, and screeching tires Playability: It handles well enough that you know your failures and success are yours alone Entertainment: Dirt Rally isn't deep in every area, but the gameplay alone makes this my favorite rally game Replay: Moderately High It's easy to approach a rally game as if it's another racing title. Speed, fighting for control, and a strong competitive spirit rule both, but rally racing is a different breed. If the focus of regular racing is primarily the finish, then rally racing is a marathon where you die and are reborn a million times before you reach the end. Corners aren't the only place where you gain or lose time. Every second is an attempt to conquer a growing fear. Victory at the finish line - and knowing the dangers you pushed past to get there - is an exhale of relief as much as jubilation. To tap into the moments that make rally racing so exhilarating, you need a game that isn't just about sliding around hairpin turns. Dirt Rally's superior car handling communicates the vibrancy and challenge, creating an unparalleled experience. Dirt Rally isn't alone in translating velocity, physics, weight transfer, traction, and other intangibles into a video game package. However, the way it taxes these elements every second you're on the course in a flurry of ever-changing demands is what elevates the genre. For example, I get a little air coming over the crest of a hill, which is not a fist-pumping moment. Being that the crest itself is at a slight angle, I have to prepare my takeoff angle before I go airborne, and once I land I'm immediately trying to gather the car back up and get ready for the bend ahead. I'm on light gravel so I shouldn't expect too much of a slide or spin of the tires, but I also have to flirt with when and how much brake I apply versus maintaining speed. Throw in a rock on the outside of the already-narrow bend that will likely destroy my car if I'm not careful. This isn't some big setpiece in a "boss battle" of a track; it's just a typical sequence you have to deal with that feels wonderful in your hands. The co-driver is good about calling out what lies ahead through a sometimes complicated lexicon (but when he says "Don't cut" for a corner, that's a clear directive). You cannot ignore any of it, nor listen to all of it. The sweet spot occurs when you get into that auto-pilot zone, internalizing the next 100 or so yards while also focusing on the danger at hand. This is gaming as tense and demanding as you've ever known it. See more Game Informer content at Game Informer Built by Codemasters and road tested over 60 million miles by the DiRT community, DiRT Rally is the ultimate rally experience. It captures the essence of what makes rally unique like no other game - that sense of trying to remain in control of your emotions, as you hurtle along dangerous, undulating roads at breakneck speed, aiming to squeeze everything out of your car whilst knowing that one crash could irreparably harm your stage time. Every stage tests you differently, as you race on the edge of control across varying surfaces in a range of environments such as snow, ice, tarmac and dirt and as you tackle a variety of weather types. As the car suffers attrition, you need to account for mechanical damage whilst your dedicated rally team tries to keep you competitive with time-limited repairs. Stages string together and each rally becomes a marathon-like test of concentration and skill as you trust in your co-driver, chasing that ever-elusive perfect run. DiRT Rally also includes officially licensed World Rallycross content, allowing you to experience the breathless, high-speed thrills of some of the world's fastest off-road cars as you trade paint with other drivers at some of the series best-loved circuits, in both singleplayer and high-intensity multiplayer races. KEY FEATURES ICONIC RALLY CARS - DiRT Rally boasts 39 of the most iconic and relevant cars from yesteryear through to modern day, representing the cars that the players want, and the ones that make the most sense for the surfaces they race on. SIX MASSIVE RALLIES WITH OVER 70 STAGES - Head to the muddy paths of Wales, the dusty trails of Greece and the icy tarmac of Monte Carlo. Take on the legendary hillclimb of Pikes Peak, the snowy thrills of Sweden, and the epic scenery of Finland. DiRT Rally has the iconic locations to test your nerve and delight your senses. OFFICIAL FIA WORLD RALLYCROSS CONTENT - Race at the Lydden Hill, Holjes and Hell tracks in six of the fastest off-road cars and take on your friends in high intensity, bumper-to-bumper multiplayer racing. UPGRADES, REPAIRS, SETUP AND TUNING - DiRT Rally delivers depth in areas beyond driving - elements such as repairs, upgrades, and setup & tuning add a rich and strategic dimension to your rally experience. CHALLENGING, UNCOMPROMISING HANDLING MODEL - A new physical simulation conveys the character of the compelling selection of cars as well as conveying the nuances of the game's high fidelity racing surfaces. TEAM MANAGEMENT - Hire and fire your crew members each of whom which will have different skills, improving repair times for different parts of the car. Teach them new skills as they gain experience and work together as a team to improve your performance in events. RACENET LEAGUE SUPPORT - Get together with friends and run your very own racing league. Join or create unlimited leagues and run them how and when you want. DAILY, WEEKLY AND MONTHLY RACENET CHALLENGES - It's you versus the entire DiRT community in a series of one-day, week-long and month-long challenges to earn in-game credits to improve your car and team. Recommended for You View all 20 screenshots Rated 4 out of 5 by SpyderByte from Good game, but... OK, so I haven't played a racing sim in several years...not since owning an XBox 360. So when we got our PS4 a couple weeks ago I grabbed this game. It has cool graphics...very impressed over what was available a few years ago. The opening "game" while downloading a huge update was a blast. Then getting started in to career and other things are easy to do, but you have very limited options available at the start...ONE car and NO money! Alright, so you get started racing and find out how tough it is to earn money after damaging your vehicle...just try not to ding it up when you are new to the game, I dare ya. Anyway, I have played about 10 to 12 hours total and don't have much to show for it...and, FYI, I have done some real amateur racing and many sim racing games over my long years. Bottom line, I will continue to play and try to rack up some money but the "I gotta have this game" is wearing off already. Also, there are no cheats to get cash that I am aware of either...you have to work at the game just as in real life...not sure that's what I want to waste my time doing!! I just purchased The Crew and Driveclub as alternatives. Date published: 2016-10-27 Rated 2 out of 5 by HANDINTHECOOKIE from not very good Only bought this for the playstation vr and didnt like it at all played once and will not play it again Date published: 2016-10-19 Rated 4 out of 5 by Zcrusher16 from Very addictive! When I first played Dirt Rally it was a blast! The first car I drove was a 1960's Mini Cooper. I next drove a ford . Once the update was complete I bought a Mini Cooper. The pre-owned games sound glitched for a minute,also the picture glitched for a sec 5 days later. It is a great racing game! I would recommend it to gamer's that like to race! Date published: 2016-07-05 Rated 5 out of 5 by nikoggbg from The best racing game so far It's difficult game but very realistic and after a while you are getting used to it ... The best racing game so far Date published: 2016-04-17 Rated 5 out of 5 by nikoggbg from one of the best One of the best games out there... I do not have any complains about this game... It is difficult but you getting better and better ... Me personally I like that it is not easy and it takes some time. very realistic and cover most of the cars :) Definitely the best racing game so far Date published: 2016-04-17 Rated 5 out of 5 by Tshadow from Not for Dirt fans... for Colin McRae fans! Finally Finally real rally racing is back! I've been sick of the Dirt games, they did not capture what I loved about rally racing for so long. We are finally back to what made these games great in the first place. For those of you who loved the Colin McRae games, welcome back! With Codemasters acquisition of Evolution studios (the creators of DriveClub) Only great things are ahead of us. The best visuals on the console market with the best simulation racing around! Don't listen to the 1 and 2 star reviews of this, it really is a 8/10 game, I just gave a higher score to try and balance out the average, from the ridiculous people below. Date published: 2016-04-16 Rated 4 out of 5 by n109233 from Great game for rally enthusiasts. This is a full on simulator, great graphics, full HD 1080 at 60 fps. If you don't like rallying or are not willing to put on the hours to be good at this game don't buy it. Otherwise, this is the game rally fans have been waiting for years! Date published: 2016-04-16 Rated 4 out of 5 by middywolf from A step in the right direction for hardcore racers I have always enjoyed the dirt series as well as the older Colin McRae games but the further along it went the more arcade like the game began to feel until it finally reached the point of Showdown, which I disliked and never actually owned myself. This goes much closer to the sim direction and does not do as much hand holding as the last few games (no more rewinds or adjustable difficulty). Unfortunately sometimes the AI doesn't vary much and it feels like every series has one particular driver who rarely/never finishes lower than 1st but the close wins/loses you can experience keep it exciting and keeps you working to improve your times through every stage Date published: 2016-04-15 DiRT Rally Reviews - page 2 y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_10 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_10 loc_en_US, sid_128429, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getReviews, 12ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT FAQ's Items in Cart: Order Sub-total: Continue Shopping Checkout 1 Item Added to Cart   Protect Your Investment Add Plan to Cart We also recommend Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time PowerUp Rewards Pro members get 10% off pre-owned games and accessories. Enter your rewards number in the cart to see discounts. FIND IT Upcoming Video Games PC Downloads Sign Up for Deals RSS Feed Events Sweepstakes Site Map GET HELP Help Center Gift Card Balance Order History Guest/In-store Orders Contact Us Store Feedback Security Update NETWORK PowerUp Rewards PowerUp Rewards Credit Card Game Informer Kongregate GameStop International ESRB Respect the Ratings What is ESRB? CONNECT GET THE APP What's In It?   © 1999-2017 GameStop Mobile Site Affiliates Corporate Careers Privacy Policy Conditions of Use CA Transparency Act Add to Wish List: New - or - Pre-Owned Find nearby: New - or - Pre-Owned What's This?
