Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Adventure Games > Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands Community Hub Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands Create a team with up to 3 friends in Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon® Wildlands and enjoy the ultimate military shooter experience set in a massive, dangerous, and responsive open world. User reviews: Recent: Mixed (1,548 reviews) - 69% of the 1,548 user reviews in the last 30 days are positive. Overall: Mostly Positive (8,933 reviews) - 76% of the 8,933 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 6 Mar, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Open World Shooter Action Co-op Multiplayer Tactical Stealth Third-Person Shooter Military Adventure Singleplayer Third Person Online Co-Op FPS Strategy Sandbox First-Person Survival Atmospheric PvP + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Multi-player Co-op Steam Trading Cards Partial Controller Support Requires 3rd-Party Account: Ubisoft Account (Supports Linking to Steam Account) Requires agreement to a 3rd-party EULA Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands EULA Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English French Italian German Spanish Arabic Simplified Chinese Traditional Chinese Korean Japanese Dutch Polish Portuguese-Brazil Russian Czech See all 15 supported languages Conteúdo Sexual Drogas Violência Title: Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands Genre: Action, Adventure Developer: Ubisoft Paris , Ubisoft Annecy , Ubisoft Bucharest , Ubisoft Montpellier , Ubisoft Milan , Reflections Publisher: Ubisoft Release Date: 6 Mar, 2017 Visit the website View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Buy Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands R$ 159,99 Add to Cart Buy Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands - Deluxe Edition R$ 179,99 Add to Cart Buy Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands - Gold Edition R$ 199,99 Add to Cart Downloadable Content For This Game R$ 79,99 Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands - Season Pass R$ 29,99 Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands - Narco Road R$ 109,98 Add all DLC to Cart   Recent updates View all (36) 27 April Title Update 3.5 now available - Patch Notes Hello Ghosts, The PC Title Update 3.5 is now live on Uplay and Steam. Please update your game to take advantage of all the fixes and new features. Here is the complete list: NEW FEATURES • Players can request for help now while in down state. BUG FIXES • Fixed the fast travel icon not being displayed on the tacmap when using a Steam Controller. • Fixed an issue where the screen would flicker when exiting the vehicle while using the Tobii Eye tracking device. • Fixed an issue where the game language was not automatically set if the Arabic language was set as the title's language, from the Steam client. • Fixed an issue where the game would show an incorrect display resolution in the Video menu if ALT+TAB was used during the confirmation pop-up message. • Fixed an issue where the gray screen when the character is downed was displayed in NVIDIA Ansel. • Fixed an issue where the 360 screenshot in Ansel had visual corruption if Ansel was used while the Night Vision was activated. • Fixed an issue where the Weapon Fanatic achievement was not awarded if the weapon pack item was bought from the in game store. NARCO ROAD • Fixed and issue where the screen would flicker when using nitro boost while being detected. 224 comments Read more 12 April LIVE SEASON CHALLENGES Hello Ghosts, A few weeks ago, we told you about our ambitions for the post-launch content of Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon® Wildlands. Title Update 3 is already available on console, and will be made available for PC on Friday; this is the first step in a long list of improvements that we are working on for the game. Today, we would like to go into detail about the Live Season Challenges, which will be available starting April 18th. Live Season Challenges Overview With the Live Season Challenges, the development team wanted to give all players new objectives to achieve on a regular basis. Challenges will be available through multiple seasons with each of them lasting six weeks and featuring a specific theme with dedicated rewards. Through a new in-game menu section, you’ll be able to find the current challenges and follow your progression. You will have to follow specific instructions in order to find new assignments that are set in different regions of the map. Please note that you need to be online to activate the challenges and update your statistics, but the missions can be completed offline during the same game session. There will be a total of five new missions per week that will gradually allow you to discover new pieces of Operation Kingslayer. These will be divided between: - Three challenges playable in solo (co-op is available, but please note that your stats are counted individually). - One challenge dedicated to Task Force members (Task Force can be created or joined on the Ghost Recon Network) - One community challenge that will require the contribution of all players to reach a common objective. Players will receive a reward after completing each challenge totaling three rewards per season. During a season, each challenge will be available for one week and updated every Wednesday at 9 am UTC. So don’t forget to complete them before then to get your reward! 1. Season One: The Rise and Fall of Unidad Ghosts, here is your mission briefing regarding Season One of the Live Season Challenges: We are looking forward to seeing you in the challenges of the week, Ghosts! 118 comments Read more Digital Deluxe Edition Upgrade your Ghost with the Deluxe Edition which includes the game and Deluxe Pack that features exclusive weapon, gear and other digital content. Dominate the Bolivian wildlands with the Deluxe Pack which includes: - The Huntsman rifle. - The Huntsman motorbike. - 3 emblems. - 3 weapon camo. - 3 character customization items. - XP booster. Gold Edition Get the ultimate Ghost Recon Experience with the Gold Edition, which includes game and season pass. About This Game Create a team with up to 3 friends in Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon® Wildlands and enjoy the ultimate military shooter experience set in a massive, dangerous, and responsive open world. TAKE DOWN THE CARTEL In a near future, Bolivia has fallen into the hands of Santa Blanca, a merciless drug cartel who spread injustice and violence. Their objective: to create the biggest Narco-State in history. BECOME A GHOST Create and fully customize your Ghost, weapons, and gear. Enjoy a total freedom of playstyle. Lead your team and take down the cartel, either solo or with up to three friends. EXPLORE BOLIVIA Journey through Ubisoft's largest action-adventure open world. Discover the stunning diverse landscapes of the Wildlands both on and off road, in the air, on land, and at sea with over 60 different vehicles. Taking out the Santa Blanca Cartel becomes an even richer experience with Tobii Eye Tracking. Features like Extended View, Aim at Gaze and Communications Wheel let you use your natural eye movement to interact and be part of game play – without interrupting or modifying your traditional controls. Now armed with an extensive eye tracking feature set, team communication becomes more seamless, firefights become more intense and exploring your new surroundings becomes more of an immersive adventure. Compatible Eye Tracking Devices: Tobii Eye Tracker 4C, Alienware 17 Notebook, Acer Predator Notebook 21 X, MSI GT72 Notebook, Acer Predator Monitors Z301CT, Z271T, XB271HUT System Requirements Minimum: OS: Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only) Processor: Intel Core i5-2400S @ 2.5 GHz or AMD FX-4320 @ 4 GHz or equivalent Memory: 6 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX660 / AMD R9 270X (2GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better) Storage: 50 GB available space Sound Card: DirectX-compatible using the latest drivers Recommended: OS: Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only) Processor: Intel Core i7- 3770@ 3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 @ 4 GHz or better Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX970/GTX 1060 or AMD R9 390/RX480 (4GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better) Storage: 50 GB available space Sound Card: DirectX-compatible using the latest drivers © 2016 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Tom Clancy’s, Ghost Recon, the Soldier Icon, Ubisoft, and the Ubisoft logo are trademarks of Ubisoft Entertainment in the US and/or other countries. See all More like this Customer reviews Learn More Recent: Mixed (1,548 reviews) Overall: Mostly Positive (8,933 reviews) Review Type All (10,708) Positive (8,228) Negative (2,480) Purchase Type All (10,708) Steam Purchasers (8,933) Other (1,775) Language All Languages (10,708) Your Languages (3,896) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 3,481 reviews match the filters above ( Mostly Positive) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. There is more than one way to buy this game. Please select a specific package to create a widget for: Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands - Deluxe Edition Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands - Gold Edition Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
