Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > RPG Games > Therian Saga Community Hub Therian Saga Therian Saga is a MMORPG that tries to stand out of the crowd by offering a compelling storytelling surrounded by a massive mathematical set of rules that define the world your hero will evolve in. It could be said that it borrows elements from old-time MUD games, strategy games and even tabletops RPG. User reviews: Recent: Mostly Positive - 74% of the 58 user reviews in the last 30 days are positive. Overall: Mostly Positive (200 reviews) - 70% of the 200 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 27 Mar, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Free to Play Massively Multiplayer RPG Strategy Crafting + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Multi-player Online Multi-Player MMO In-App Purchases Requires agreement to a 3rd-party EULA Therian Saga EULA Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English French Italian German Spanish Polish Turkish See all 7 supported languages Title: Therian Saga Genre: Free to Play, Massively Multiplayer, RPG, Strategy Developer: Virtys Publisher: Virtys Release Date: 27 Mar, 2017 Visit the website View the manual View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Play Therian Saga Free To Play Play Game   Recent updates View all (4) 13 April Gear up for the long weekend Check out the ingame store for deals on upgrades and comsumables. Upgrades: Sheath at 20% : Carry more weapons to battle. Satchel at 20% : Helpful to organize your stuff. Utility belt at 25% : Have your tools ready for any craft. Task at 20% : Have your hero do more stuff before having to tell him again what to do. Companion at 20% : Bring more units to the dungeons. Market at 25% : Sell more. Consumables: Adventurer's chest at 30% : Be prepared for anything on the road. Crossing at 25% : More hero to play, more fun! Mailbox at 20% : Add a mailbox to your home, that's the ultimate comfort. Shesel Al at 20% : Stop running everywhere to sell your stuff, Shesel Al will do it from your home directly. The deal end at 3am UTC Monday night. We hope you all enjoy your weekend. Team Virtys 2 comments Read more 7 April The map of Loucantar So we have more than a thousand homes, 14 guild halls and even 6 guild domains. 5 comments Read more About This Game Therian Saga is a MMORPG that tries to stand out of the crowd by offering a compelling storytelling surrounded by a massive mathematical set of rules that define the world your hero will evolve in. It could be said that it borrows elements from old-time MUD games, strategy games and even tabletops RPG. What to expect from the game: Skill Based: We use a system based on your hero, your tool, your companion, your location and some magic to calculate your capability to execute an action. Sandbox: It’s up to you to understand how to progress in the game. Storytelling: Old school style with text as the main medium for storytelling. Crafting: Complex, with a skills distribution mechanic from material to final product. Huge: The game is online since 2012, there are years of content available right now. Asynchronous: Play how much you like, be it 15 minutes or 20 hours, and program your hero’s actions. He will be doing them when you are sleeping, partying or working. Indies: The game is rough on players; you have to work hard to reach your goals. Devs: We are close to the players and you can discuss the future of the game with us. Asynchronous made coolTo break the prejudice that asynchronous game had to be simple games. That was really important to us. We wanted a game that people could spend less time on than live MMO, but that could offer more for each second online. Your characters work while you are offline, but you will be also thinking about what you are going to make them do next time you log in. There are lots of games out there that are time-consuming for nothing. Building an asynchronous game that goes deeper into RPG gameplay: that was a battle worth fighting. A typical day in Therian SagaYou can play the game the way you want. There is never a situation in the game where you have to stay at the computer. You can quit in the middle of a dungeon, even in the middle of a fight, and come back the next day and pick up where you left off. If you quit in the middle of a fight with another player, your characters will continue to fight as well as they can while you are offline. What about the typical day? As an example, suppose you can manage only short-playing sessions during your day. You might schedule tasks for your hero in the morning, then just check if everything is ok at lunch time and maybe indulge in some trading and social activities. In the evening, when you have a bit more time, you'll have lots of “live gameplay” options: quests, adventures, dungeon-raiding, fights with other players in the arena, maybe even a boss run. At the end of your play session, you might ask your hero to sleep, or carry on working during the night. If you miss one of your normal play sessions, your heroes usually have enough tasks left that they can continue to evolve anyway. Now that gives you a lot of flexibility and, as you can see, the game goes beyond asynchronicity and offer lots of live gameplay possibilities. System Requirements Minimum: OS: Windows 7 Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo or AMD equivalent Memory: 512 MB RAM Graphics: DirectX 9 Compatible Card (nVidia, AMD or Intel) DirectX: Version 9.0 Network: Broadband Internet connection Storage: 250 MB available space Additional Notes: .NET 4.51, Silverlight © 2017 Virtys Inc. See all More like this Customer reviews Learn More Review Type All (200) Positive (140) Negative (60) Purchase Type All (200) Steam Purchasers (0) Other (200) Language All Languages (200) Your Languages (108) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 0 reviews match the filters above Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
