Top Questions Where's my order? What is your return policy? How do I check my gift card balance? Don't see your question? Visit our help section. See all best sellers Coming Soon Consoles Wii Nintendo DS GameCube PS Vita Steam Machine Retro Classics Genre Anime and Manga DC Five Nights at Freddy's Legend of Zelda Marvel Pokemon Star Wars Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Other Accessories Apparel Downloadable Content Drones & High-Tech Gadgets Free to Play See all best sellers Coming Soon Video Game Stuff Assassin's Creed Call of Duty Fallout Five Nights at Freddy's Halo Mario and Friends Mass Effect Mega Man Minecraft Pokemon The Legend of Zelda Collectible Stuff All Collectibles Busts & Statues Canvas Art Diamond Collectibles Figures Funko NECA Plush Replicas Movie & TV Stuff Adventure Time Avengers DC Comics Dr. Who Firefly Game of Thrones Guardians of the Galaxy Harry Potter Lord of the Rings Marvel Sailor Moon Star Trek Star Wars The Walking Dead WWE Yo-Kai Watch Apparel Stuff All Apparel Accessories Bags Costumes Hats Jackets Pants Socks T-Shirts Underwear See All Cool Stuff See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX One Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX One Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX One Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX One Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX One Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX One Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX One by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX One See all best sellers Coming Soon PS4 Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS4 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS4 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS4 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS4 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS4 Hardware Game Systems Playstation Camera Playstation VR Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS4 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS4 See all best sellers Coming Soon XBOX 360 Games All Games Action Fighting Kinect Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports XBOX 360 Digital Content Xbox Digital Gift Cards Xbox Live Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons XBOX 360 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 XBOX 360 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases XBOX 360 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles XBOX 360 Hardware Game Systems Kinect Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop XBOX 360 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All XBOX 360 See all best sellers Coming Soon PS3 Games All Games Action Fighting Move Games Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Strategy Sports PS3 Digital Content Playstation Gift Cards Playstation Plus Subscriptions Digital Games In-Game Currency Season Passes Add-Ons PS3 Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PS3 Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PS3 Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles PS3 Hardware Game Systems PS3 Move Toys to Life Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop PS3 by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS3 See all best sellers Coming Soon PC Games All Games Action Fighting Free To Play Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy PC Digital Content Steam Wallet Cards Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons PC Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 PC Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Keyboards & Mice Memory Networking Strategy Guides Storage & Cases PC Hardware Game Systems Steam Machine Virtual Reality Shop PC by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PC See all best sellers Coming Soon Wii U Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy Wii U Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons Wii U Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 Wii U Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Stategy Guides Storage & Cases Wii U Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Acessories Pre-Owned Bundles Wii U Hardware Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity LEGO Dimensions Skylanders Shop Wii U by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All Wii U See all best sellers Coming Soon 3DS Games All Games Action Fighting Music & Party Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy 3DS Digital Content eShop Full Game Downloads In-Game Currency Add-Ons 3DS Deals Price Drop Games Under $20 Accessories Under $20 3DS Accessories All Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Headsets & Mics Memory Strategy Guides Storage & Cases 3DS Preowned Pre-Owned Games Pre-Owned Consoles Pre-Owned Accessories Pre-Owned Bundles 3DS Hardware 3DS XL Game Systems 3DS Game Systems 2DS Game Systems Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders Shop 3DS by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All 3DS See all best sellers XBOX One XBOX One Games XBOX One Hardware XBOX One Accessories XBOX One Bundles PS4 PS4 Games PS4 Hardware PS4 Accessories PS4 Bundles Wii U Wii U Games Wii U Hardware Wii U Accessories Wii U Bundles 3DS 3DS Games 3DS Hardware 3DS Accessories 3DS Bundles XBOX 360 XBOX 360 Games XBOX 360 Hardware XBOX 360 Accessories XBOX 360 Bundles PS3 PS3 Games PS3 Hardware PS3 Accessories PS3 Bundles Wii Wii Games Wii Hardware Wii Accessories Wii Bundles PS Vita PS Vita Games PS Vita Hardware PS Vita Accessories PS Vita Bundles Retro Software Hardware Accessories Electronics Phones Wearables Tablets Media Players Toys to Life Amiibo Disney Infinity Skylanders See All Pre-Owned See all best sellers PS Vita Games All Action Casual DLC Fighting Music & Party Puzzle & Cards Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy PS Vita Deals Price Drop Under $20 PS Vita Accessories Batteries & Chargers Cables & Adaptors Controllers Faceplates & Skins Game Systems Headsets & Mics Memory Repair & Cleaning Storage & Cases PS Vita Hardware Game Systems Shop PS Vita by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending See All PS Vita Need Help? PowerUp Rewards Find a Store Gift Cards Weekly Ad Deals Your Cart Xbox One PS4 Switch Xbox 360 PS3 PC Wii U 3DS VR Cool Stuff Digital Electronics More Pre-Owned Trade Values Pick My Home Store Get access to great in-store deals and local pick-up Exclusive Deals Sign up for our email deals newsletter! PS4 ActionCasualDLCFightingMonitorMoveMusic & PartyPuzzle & CardsRole-PlayingShooterSimulationSportsStrategyStrategy Guides PS4 Accessories Audio & VisualBatteries & ChargersCables & AdaptorsCameras & WebcamsControllersCooling SystemsFaceplates & SkinsGame SystemsGaming FurnitureGear & ApparelHeadsets & MicsInteractive Gaming FiguresKeyboards & MiceMemoryMounts & BracketsStorage & CasesVideo & Sound Cards Persona 5 Steelbook Launch Edition by Atlus Tweet Jump to: Product Details Videos & Screenshots Specials BUY NEW $59.99 Add to Cart Usually ships in 24 hrs Ships to U.S. addresses only Pick Up At Store Check Availability Add to Wish List Blood Drug Reference Partial Nudity Sexual Themes Strong Language Violence Persona 5 Steelbook Launch Edition is rated 5.0 out of 5 by 10. y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_4 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_1, tr_9 loc_en_US, sid_131356, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getAggregateRating, 8ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT Platform: PlayStation 4 Publisher: Atlus Developer: Atlus Category: Role-Playing Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought Bonus What you need to know about Persona 5 Product Details: Persona 5 marks the return of the award-winning franchise on home consoles since the PS2 generation, and is the first numbered Persona game in over eight years! With fast-paced Japanese role-playing game mechanics, exciting action sequences, vibrantly stylized characters, enemies, and environments, and elegant anime-style cut-scenes, Persona 5 is unlike any of its predecessors! - Persona 5 The Triumph Of Thievery by Joe Juba Concept: Reform society by fighting demons and making evil people confess their crimes. But don't forget to keep your grades up and make friends Graphics: They may not be detailed, but the visuals are incredibly stylish and attractive. Even the victory screens and shop menus look amazing Sound: A fantastic soundtrack from composer Shoji Meguro is packed with music that will get stuck in your head Playability: Exploration and combat controls are straightforward and smooth. I especially like how each battle command has its own button, so you aren't scrolling through too many menu options Entertainment: Persona 5's well-crafted story, exciting combat, and deep systems make it my favorite entry in the series - and the best Japanese RPG in years Replay: Moderate The first few hours of Persona 5 feel like settling in with the opening chapters of a massive novel. Even though you don't know the characters well or understand where the plot is going, you can feel the weight behind the narrative like hundreds of pages waiting to be read. As new threads and mechanics are introduced, that depth and sense of intent persist, and Persona 5 takes the requisite time to do its many ambitions justice. The result is an uncommonly complex and satisfying RPG in terms of both story and gameplay, and when you factor in its impeccable stylishness, Persona 5 is hard to put down. Players step into the daily life of a taciturn (but not totally silent) high-school student and divide their time between self-improvement, building friendships, and fighting evil in otherworldly dungeons. The basic structure may be familiar to fans, but Persona 5 builds on it with an intriguing premise and fantastic cast. You lead a group called the Phantom Thieves, supernatural tricksters who enter an alternate world to steal hearts - a phrase that boils down to making high-profile villains see the error of their ways and confess their crimes. It's a great hook, and because Persona 5 doesn't rush things, you get the satisfaction of seeing your ragtag group gradually emerge from the shadows and get more notorious as you recruit more members and pull off bigger heists. This involves infiltrating "palaces," dungeons that represent a person's perceptions - like a gym teacher who sees the school as his castle where he is free to treat students like slaves. Selecting your targets, uncovering their perceptions, and dealing with the fallout from your thefts are major aspects of the story I won't ruin. I will say that the scenarios are clever and surprising, and artfully deal with complicated themes like freedom, identity, and pride. I especially like how these smaller arcs steadily rise and fall to provide bursts of narrative payoff that propel you through the larger tale. All players experience the core exploits of the Phantom Thieves, but Persona 5 has a layer of self-directed story that is even better. When you aren't taking down corrupt villains, you are managing your days in a simulation of student life in modern-day Tokyo. I love the process of optimizing my time and seeing the progress in my stats and relationships; you can fill your day with things like part-time jobs, video games, fishing, or deepening your bonds with your friends. That last one is the most important and rewarding, since the resulting scenes answer questions about the backstories and motivations of the people around you. Why is one of your teachers working a second job? Why is the Phantom Thieves' biggest fan so obsessed? The cast of characters is wonderful, easily meeting the bar set by previous installments. I even found the animal mascot tolerable, which was a pleasant surprise. I was slightly less attached to the main party characters here compared to Persona 4, but the supporting cast is better, evening out the experience as a whole. See more of the review at Game Informer Persona 5 is a game about the internal and external conflicts of a group of troubled high school students - the protagonist and a collection of compatriots he meets in the game's story - who live dual lives as Phantom Thieves. They have the typically ordinary day-to-day of a Tokyo high schooler - attending class, after school activities and part-time jobs. But they also undertake fantastical adventures by using otherworldly powers to enter the hearts of people. Their power comes from the Persona, the Jungian concept of the "self;" the game's heroes realize that society forces people to wear masks to protect their inner vulnerabilities, and by literally ripping off their protective mask and confronting their inner selves do the heroes awaken their inner power, and use it to strive to help those in need. Ultimately, the group of Phantom Thieves seeks to change their day-to-day world to match their perception and see through the masks modern-day society wears. The 5th Numbered Game in the Series, Created by Renowned Developers - The core development team of the recent Persona titles unites again for this upcoming game. Long-time Persona series director Katsura Hashino is overseeing the project, while legendary character designer Shigenori Soejima is working closely to create character designs that ooze rebellious style and attitude. The game will also be backed with a soundtrack featuring the fresh sounds of acid jazz composed by the gifted Shoji Meguro. This dream team will bring both depth and style into the mix. A Deep and Engaging Storyline - The thrilling story of a team of defiant teenagers, growing through every trial they face, begins now. Each case will take you one step closer to the truth veiled in darkness...What awaits our heroes: glory or ruin? Unique and Interesting Dungeons with Various Tricks and Traps Await - Overcome various obstacles with graceful Phantom Thief action. The simple-to-learn, but hard-to-master controls will be enjoyed by newcomers and veteran Persona players alike. Language - A stable of talented voice actors have provided English voiceovers while ATLUS' celebrated localization team offers an English script that provides a faithful and engaging play experience. The original Japanese voices will be available as FREE DLC. Recommended for You View all 4 screenshots Important Information: Check out all the latest Persona 5 games and accessories available for PlayStation now. Rated 5 out of 5 by buyp5now from game of the year best in the series. everything i was hoping for and more. this is my game of the year and probably the best game of all time. must play, go but it now! Date published: 2017-05-06 Rated 5 out of 5 by Sir_Girthalot from Incredible Game! I'm new to the Persona series and JRPG's in general but wow this game blew me away. I'm generally not a huge fan of turn based combat either. Having just beat it I'm still in a kind of state of depression like I just left some lifelong friends behind. Game of the year contender for sure. Date published: 2017-05-03 Rated 5 out of 5 by Crysona from Just finished this last night And I will tell you this: This is the game that is a MUST buy even if you aren't a fan of JRPG, the music, the art, the story, the gameplay, all up to perfection. I've played a lot of modern games as of today and nothing made me feel as excited as this game. By the end of it, it has left me satisfied and the adventure I had with this game will never be forgotten. You won't regret it when you get it, though. Truly is the Game of the Year contender. Date published: 2017-04-29 Rated 5 out of 5 by Persona fan 1234 from This game is just the best in general The game play and everything about the game is fun it is a must have game Date published: 2017-04-24 Rated 5 out of 5 by MadnessGuy564 from Lovable even for a new guy like me Saw P3 and 4 on YouTube, and I was able to get this, and I was really happy because I was unable to play any of the other ones. The characters are great, the game plays and looks amazing and the soundtrack is godly. Easily a 10/5 GOTY Date published: 2017-04-22 Rated 5 out of 5 by TonesterWin from Must Try/Have for New and Veteran JRPG I played about only 2 months so far into the game and so far as my impression it really good game if you want to start your JRPG adventure somewhere. It might be overwhelming at first but the game the whole first month teaching you about the game's mechanics. I have about 8 hours invested I'm only now finishing the 2nd month. I have to give a hand to the composer and writer. The writing is amazing from having really dark moments to very funny moment you have with the other characters. You won't regret playing if you are into JRPG or want to try it for the first time. Date published: 2017-04-18 Rated 5 out of 5 by NickhasISSUES from Such a great game A newcomer to the Persona series and this game blew my mind. Date published: 2017-04-18 Rated 5 out of 5 by slepyfist from Date published: 2017-04-16 Persona 5 Steelbook Launch Edition Reviews - page 2 y_2017, m_5, d_11, h_4 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_1, tr_9 loc_en_US, sid_131356, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)] clientName_gamestop bvseo_sdk, net_sdk, 3.2.0.0 CLOUD, getReviews, 8ms REVIEWS, PRODUCT FAQ's Items in Cart: Order Sub-total: Continue Shopping Checkout 1 Item Added to Cart   Protect Your Investment Add Plan to Cart We also recommend Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time Pro Price Add to Cart Added to Cart The item can't be added at this time PowerUp Rewards Pro members get 10% off pre-owned games and accessories. Enter your rewards number in the cart to see discounts. FIND IT Upcoming Video Games PC Downloads Sign Up for Deals RSS Feed Events Sweepstakes Site Map GET HELP Help Center Gift Card Balance Order History Guest/In-store Orders Contact Us Store Feedback Security Update NETWORK PowerUp Rewards PowerUp Rewards Credit Card Game Informer Kongregate GameStop International ESRB Respect the Ratings What is ESRB? CONNECT GET THE APP What's In It?   © 1999-2017 GameStop Mobile Site Affiliates Corporate Careers Privacy Policy Conditions of Use CA Transparency Act Add to Wish List: New Find nearby: New What's This?
