Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language Български (Bulgarian) čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) Ελληνικά (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) Русский (Russian) Română (Romanian) 简体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) ไทย (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Games > Simulation Games > Fallout Shelter Community Hub Fallout Shelter Fallout Shelter puts you in control of a state-of-the-art underground Vault from Vault-Tec. Build the perfect Vault, keep your Dwellers happy, and protect them from the dangers of the Wasteland. User reviews: Overall: Very Positive (9,420 reviews) - 84% of the 9,420 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 29 Mar, 2017 Popular user-defined tags for this product: Free to Play Survival Post-apocalyptic Simulation Singleplayer Base Building Strategy Management 2D RPG Casual Adventure Building Crafting Action Sandbox Multiplayer Funny Atmospheric Great Soundtrack + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this game relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Single-player Steam Achievements Full controller support In-App Purchases Steam Cloud Stats Languages: Interface Full Audio Subtitles English French Italian German Spanish Russian See all 6 supported languages Includes 35 Steam Achievements View all 35 Title: Fallout Shelter Genre: Free to Play, RPG, Simulation Developer: Bethesda Game Studios Publisher: Bethesda Softworks LLC Release Date: 29 Mar, 2017 Visit the website View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   63 metacritic Read Critic Reviews Awards Mobile Game of the Year - 2016 DICE Awards Winner 2015 Golden Joystick Best Handheld/Mobile Game Play Fallout Shelter Free to Play Play Game Items available for this game R$ 63,00 R$ 32,00 R$ 13,00 R$ 16,00 Shop available items   Recent updates View all (1) 14 April Save on All Bundles for Easter in Fallout Shelter Instead of baskets, have some bundles! All bundles are up to 50% off just in time for Easter on Fallout Shelter! 158 comments Read more Reviews “Might just be the best free-to-play game out there” GamesBeat “Probably the best game of E3 2015” Gizmodo “Fallout Shelter is simple to play and addictive as hell” GameZone About This Game Fallout Shelter puts you in control of a state-of-the-art underground Vault from Vault-Tec. Build the perfect Vault, keep your Dwellers happy, and protect them from the dangers of the Wasteland. BUILD THE PERFECT VAULT Create a brighter future…underground! Select from a variety of modern-day rooms to turn an excavation beneath 2,000 feet of bedrock into the very picture of Vault Life. OVERSEE A THRIVING COMMUNITY Get to know your Dwellers and lead them to happiness. Find their ideal jobs and watch them flourish. Provide them with outfits, weapons, and training to improve their abilities. CUSTOMIZE Turn worthless junk into useful items with Crafting! Customize the look of any dweller in the Barbershop. PROSPER A well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But don’t let them die! PROTECT YOUR VAULT From time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outside…and within. Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. System Requirements Minimum: OS: Windows 7 64 bit Processor: Intel Core 2 Quad CPU Q9550 @2.83GHZ Memory: 2 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 1Ghz, Radeon HD 6970 1GHz Storage: 2 GB available space © 2015-2017 Bethesda Softworks LLC, a ZeniMax Media company. Bethesda, Bethesda Softworks, Bethesda Game Studios, ZeniMax, and related logos are registered trademarks or trademarks of ZeniMax Media Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Fallout, Fallout Shelter and related logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Bethesda Softworks LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. All Rights Reserved. Customer reviews Learn More Review Type All (9,420) Positive (7,936) Negative (1,484) Purchase Type All (9,420) Steam Purchasers (0) Other (9,420) Language All Languages (9,420) Your Languages (3,318) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 0 reviews match the filters above Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
